URL: https://support.atlassian.com/confluence-cloud/docs/migrate-from-confluence-cloud-to-server/

Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center | Confluence Cloud | Atlassian Support
Skip to main content
Confluence Support
Products
Documentation
Resources
Contact us
Sign in
Sign in
Confluence Cloud
Documentation
Considering Confluence Cloud?
Confluence Cloud functionality and features
What is Confluence Cloud?
Learn about the features of Confluence Cloud plans
Confluence Standard
See how teams use Confluence Cloud
Use Confluence for technical documentation
Use Confluence for software teams
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Navigate around Confluence
What is the new navigation in Confluence?
Use For you to jump into work and see what's happening
Confluence navigation
View written content
Use spaces to organize your work
What is a space?
Create a space
Customize your personal space
Navigate spaces
Organize your space
Find content in a space
Customize your space's overview
Use labels to categorize spaces
Delete or disable a template
Find content in Confluence Cloud
Search for content
Search for people and teams
Confluence search syntax
Discover relevant content with related content
Use Atlassian Intelligence to search for answers
Create and edit content
Draft, publish, and update a page
Create and collaborate in real time with live docs
Format a page, live doc, or blog post with a template
Format your content
Format text
Create and manage layouts
Use symbols, emojis, and special characters
Keyboard shortcuts and autocomplete
Available markdown commands
Simplify data with tables
Charts and connected data
Work with images, videos, and files
Use Atlassian Intelligence to help write or edit content
Bring all your work into Confluence
Insert links and anchors
Get started with Smart Links in the content tree
What data is sent and received when pasting a Smart Link?
Insert and manage links on your pages and live docs
Add elements to a page or live doc
Transfer ownership of your content item
Add a status to your content
Make your content and its title more memorable
Import external documents
Classify content
How redaction works
Learn about the Atlassian cloud editor
Convert pages to the cloud editor
Keep content organized
Take quick action from the content title
Use labels to organize content and attachments
Move, copy, and hide content items
Archive content items
Restore archived items to the content tree
Delete, restore, or purge a content item
Save a page, live doc, or other content item for later
Use folders to organize your work
Upload and manage files
Upload a file
Display files and images
Manage uploaded files
Share and comment on files
Present your content with Presenter mode
Atlassian Intelligence features in Confluence Cloud
Search for answers using Atlassian Intelligence
Write or edit content using Atlassian Intelligence
Define terms using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Atlassian Intelligence with Confluence automation
Learn about pre-defined prompts in Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a page, live doc, or blog using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize comments using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize changes with Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a whiteboard using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Rovo to listen to audio briefings of Confluence content
Use Loom in Confluence Cloud
Create and edit whiteboards
Getting started with Confluence whiteboards
Create a new whiteboard
Navigation tools in whiteboards
Organize and explore ideas with sticky notes
Use shapes to visualize ideas
Add and edit text on whiteboards
Build flows and diagrams with flows and connectors
Inserting links to your whiteboard
Use sections to organize your work
Add and edit images on whiteboards
Add the feels with stamps and stickers
Use a template to get started fast
Keep on track with the timer
Hide collaborator cursors
Integrate whiteboards into your Atlassian workflow
Link Jira issues from your whiteboard
Take bulk Jira actions with smart sections
Set your whiteboard preferences
Import Figjam boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Miro boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Mural boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Jamboard whiteboards in Confluence whiteboards
Export your whiteboard
Collaboration limits on whiteboards
What Confluence whiteboards don't support
Whiteboards impact on third-party apps
Understand Confluence whiteboards plans and features
Browser support and settings for whiteboards
Atlassian Intelligence in Confluence whiteboards
Draw freeform lines with pen
Private mode in whiteboards
Voting in whiteboards
Whiteboard version history
Create and edit databases
Get started with Confluence databases
Database tour
Create a database
Database fields
Share databases, entries, or values
Database views
Layouts and options
Filter your data
Sort fields
Hide fields in your database
Import data into your database
Export your database data
Duplicate a database setup
Lock your database structure
What Confluence databases don't support
Database impact on third-party apps
Database version history
Perform simple calculations on your data
Export content from Confluence Cloud
Wide tables may be cut off in PDF export
Cases where PDF Export may revert to using legacy exporter
Get to know the new and simplified content layout
How to use the new toolbar and insert elements
Import data from other tools into Confluence
FAQ import data from HTML to Confluence
FAQ import data from Notion to Confluence
Import data from HTML to Confluence
Import data from Notion into Confluence
Import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from HTML to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from Notion to Confluence
Troubleshooting import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Review macros only available in the legacy editor
Insert the cheese macro
Insert the column macro
Insert the content by user macro
Insert the create space button macro
Insert the favorite pages macro
Insert the global reports macro
Insert the info, tip, note, and warning macros
Insert the JUnit report macro
Insert the noformat macro
Insert the panel macro
Insert the recently used labels macro
Insert the search results macro
Insert the section macro
Insert the space attachments macro
Insert the space details macro
Insert the status macro
Insert the code block macro
Insert the gallery macro
Insert the Google Drive macro
Insert the lorem ipsum macro
Insert the multimedia macro
Insert the navigation map macro
Insert the network macro
Insert the PDF macro
The Confluence legacy editor
FAQ: Understanding legacy editor deprecation
Convert legacy editor pages
Differences using Confluence legacy editor and cloud editor
The legacy content macro
Collaborate on content and get notified in Confluence Cloud
Collaborate on content
Create a network of users
Add a reaction to any content
Mention a person or team
Share Confluence content
Comment on pages, live docs, whiteboards, and blog posts
Watch pages, live docs, spaces, whiteboards, and blogs
Add people to Confluence from Google, Slack, or Microsoft
What can guests see and do in Confluence?
Share content externally with public links
Get notified about content and activity
View your notifications
Subscribe to email updates
What is a Confluence RSS feed?
Build an RSS feed
Subscribe to pre-specified RSS feeds
Subscribe to a network RSS feed
Celebrate your work with Confluence Recap
View Confluence analytics to see how content is performing
View insights on your site
View insights on spaces
Content insights and analytics
Turn on privacy mode for analytics data
Manage your account and permissions in Confluence Cloud
Manage your account
Edit your profile
Edit your user settings
Change your Confluence password
Manage OAuth access tokens
Delete your account
Change your theme
Set your email visibility
Manage permissions at the content level
Change who can find content and what they can do with it
Confluence permissions structure
Troubleshoot access problems to content
What is a Confluence group?
Extend the functionality of Confluence Cloud
Use Team Calendars for Confluence (Premium feature)
Subscribe to Team Calendars from third-party calendars
Getting started with team calendars
Add events
Add Jira events
See standard event types
Add and delete custom event types
Add reminders to events
Embed calendars on Confluence content
Watch a calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Thunderbird
Subscribe to Google Calendars from Confluence
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Microsoft Outlook
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple iOS Calendar
Export to other calendars
Set system properties
Team Calendars FAQs
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar (Android)
Use Company Hub to deliver key information to employees
Create and customize a Company Hub
Manage your Company Hub
Set up a menu of important links on Company Hub
Use sections to enhance and highlight your Company Hub content
Highlight important messages with a visual spotlight
Add a rotating set of frames to your Company Hub
Use cards to add beautiful dynamic content to Company Hub
Curate search results in Company Hub
Use Confluence with other applications
Use Slack and Confluence together
Use Jira and Confluence together
Use Trello and Confluence together
Use Microsoft Teams and Confluence together
Use macros to show Confluence content on pages and live docs
What are macros?
Learn which macros are being removed
Insert the attachments macro
Insert the blog posts macro
Insert the change history macro
Insert the child items macro
Insert the filter by label macro
Insert the content report table macro
Insert the contributors macro
Insert the contributors summary macro
Insert the create from template macro
Insert the decision report macro
Insert the excerpt macro
Add excerpts to a page or live doc with the insert excerpt macro
Insert the include content macro
Insert the labels list macro
Insert the popular labels macro
Insert the profile picture macro
Insert the recent updates macro
Insert the recently updated dashboard macro
Insert the related labels macro
Insert the spaces list macro
Insert the task report macro
Insert the user profile macro
Legacy editor content in the cloud editor
Use macros to add development info on Confluence pages
Display Jira work items in a list
Insert the Jira chart macro
Insert the Jira timeline macro
Display your Assets data on a Confluence page
Use macros to include media on Confluence pages
Insert Microsoft Office macros
Insert the widget connector macro
Use macros to add navigation on Confluence pages
Insert the anchor link macro
Insert the Live Search macro
Insert the Page Index macro
Insert the content tree macro
Insert the page tree search macro
Insert the table of contents macro
Insert the table of content zone macro
Use macros to add reporting info to Confluence pages
Insert the content properties macro
Insert the content properties report macro
Insert the user list macro
Use macros to add visuals and images to Confluence pages
Insert the chart macro
Insert the iFrame macro
Insert the roadmap planner macro
Add a trio of dynamic frames to your content with Carousel
Display beautiful, dynamic content on your page or live doc with Cards
Insert the expand macro
Use gadgets to add dynamic content
Add the activity stream gadget
Use Questions for Confluence
Install Questions for Confluence
Ask a question
Watch and edit topics
What are votes and experts?
Admin settings for Questions for Confluence
Use automation for Confluence
Learn about macros on Confluence mobile
Space administration
Set space-specific functionality
Additional PDF export settings
Advanced PDF export customizations
Set a default classification level for content
Manage permissions at the space level
What are space permissions?
Copy space permissions
Assign space permissions
Make a space public with anonymous access
Assign Questions for Confluence permissions
Manage content in a space
Clean up a space with the content manager
Transfer content item ownership from one user to another
Manage page watchers
Export a space's content as Word, PDF, or data files
Remove a space
Archive a space
Delete a space
Create templates, blueprints, and reports
Create a template
Edit a template
Promote a template
Create a custom report
Manage team calendars
Delete or remove a calendar
Restrict a calendar
Manage Questions for Confluence
Get started with Questions for Confluence
Administer questions
Integrate questions with your spaces
Customize your space
Apply a theme to a space
Change the space name and logo
Edit features for a space
Confluence administration
Get started as Confluence Cloud administrator
Set Confluence-wide functionality
Control whether spaces can allow public links
Control whether spaces can turn on anonymous access
Change the landing page
Change the Confluence Home welcome message
Create a custom space overview template
Turn off page reactions
Customize layout for PDF exports in Confluence Cloud
Convert legacy editor pages in all spaces
Configure live docs in Confluence
Monitor and manage activity in Confluence Cloud
Act on insights from mission control
Download a spaces report
View the audit log
Premium admin tools for Confluence Cloud
Post Confluence-wide announcements in a banner
Inspect a user's permissions
Bypass page restrictions with admin key
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Manage global permissions
Assign space access to guests
Manage public links across Confluence Cloud
How secure are public links?
Give access to unlicensed users from Jira Service Management
Manage analytics permissions in Confluence administration
Control which groups can use analytics
Manage Confluence content templates
Create a global content template
Edit a global content template
Install a global blueprint
Manage global content templates and blueprints
Configuration settings in Confluence Cloud
Change the site title
Configure the administrator contact page
Choose a default language
Configure the indexing language
Configure time and date formats
Configure number formats
Configure attachment size
Configure shortcut links
Install a custom language font for PDF exports
Confluence wiki markup syntax for the legacy editor
Customize the email domain sending Confluence emails
Security settings in Confluence Cloud
Hide external links from search engines
Disable anonymous access to remote API
Turn on Captcha for spam prevention or failed logins
Look and feel settings in Confluence Cloud
Install a theme
Set the default theme
Customize the navigation colors
Change your site and space logos
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Import a Confluence Cloud space
Export a data backup file of your instance
Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites
Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center
Atlassian Marketplace apps
Manage your apps
Status page: Live docs + Marketplace apps
Confluence automation administration
Confluence automation
Confluence automation usage
Atlassian administration for Confluence Cloud
Actions that require an organization or site admin
Manage your storage usage
Invite guests to Confluence
Removing users and downgrading to Confluence Free
Adjust permissions before downgrading to Confluence Free
What happens when an account is deactivated vs. deleted?
Atlassian Support
Confluence
Resources
Confluence administration
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Cloud
Data Center
Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center
We
ended support of Confluence Server
on February 15, 2024. Confluence Data Center is our only self-managed app offering, and our primary app offering outside of Confluence Cloud.
This page is for people who are currently using Confluence Cloud, and wish to move to Confluence Data Center (a self-managed Confluence instance).
Need to move off of Confluence Server?
These resources will help you plan your migration from:
Confluence Server to Cloud
Confluence Server to Data Center
Before you begin
There's a few things to understand before you begin this process.
Minimum Confluence version
You can migrate from Confluence Cloud to Confluence Data Center
6.0 or later
. Importing cloud data (either the whole instance or individual spaces) into any earlier versions of Confluence Data Center is not supported.
We recommend installing either the latest version of Confluence, or the latest Enterprise release. The
Confluence Upgrade Matrix
will help you choose the right version for your organization.
Features and app availability
Some Cloud features won't be available in Confluence Data Center. The navigation and user experience will also be different in some places. The core functionality of Confluence is the same, however.
Marketplace apps are not automatically migrated. When you set up your Confluence Data Center instance, you'll need to reinstall each of your apps.
Not all apps are available for both Cloud and Data Center. When planning your migration, we recommend you check that your essential apps are available for Data Center in the
Atlassian Marketplace
and make a list of the ones you'll need to reinstall.
Templates
All pages that were created from a template will be migrated.
However, any custom templates you may have created in your Confluence Cloud site will not be migrated. You'll need to
re-create your templates
once your migration is complete.
You should also be aware that the number of built-in templates (known as blueprints) are more limited in Confluence Data Center, so some of the default templates you previously used may not be available.
Team Calendars and Questions data
Confluence Questions and Team Calendars data can't be migrated, as there is currently no way to export this data from Confluence Cloud.
Migration approach
You can choose to migrate your entire instance in one go, or to import your team's content, space by space.
A
full site migration
involves a full site export (backup), and importing this file into Confluence Data Center. Users and groups are included in this export. All spaces will be migrated, including archived spaces and personal spaces.
A
space by space migration
involves
exporting each space individually
, and importing these files into Confluence Data Center one at a time. This means you can choose which spaces you want to migrate, or migrate in stages over time. Users and groups are not automatically migrated. If you've connected Confluence Data Center to an external user directory, or have already populated your new site with user accounts, we'll attempt to attribute content to the right people on import.
Infrastructure and database choice
Where you choose to host Confluence Data Center is up to you. See
Supported Platforms
to find out which operating systems and databases are supported.
You can use any database listed on the
Supported Platforms
page, but you don't already have a database server, we recommend PostgreSQL, which is what Confluence Cloud is run on.
Licenses
You will need a new license to migrate to Confluence Data Center. Your existing Confluence Cloud license can't be used. You can get a new license at
https://my.atlassian.com
. You'll also need new licenses for any paid Marketplace apps.
Account visibility
In Confluence Cloud, people can choose not to make their profile information visible. This means when a Cloud instance is imported into Data Center, user account information such as their full name, may not be included.
As long as you are logged in as a Site Admin when you complete the site export, email addresses will always be included, and used as the username when the user accounts are created. Users can then log in, and update their profile to provide the missing information.
Migration steps
This page will guide you through a
full site migration
.
See
Import a space from Confluence Cloud
if you plan to migrate your spaces one by one.
Step 1: Check your apps
To check your apps are compatible:
If you aren’t already there, go to your
Confluence Cloud
instance.
Select the wheel icon (
) in the top-right corner to open Confluence administration.
Find
Settings
>
Atlassian Marketplace
in the left-hand navigation.
Select
Manage apps
.
Make a note of all
User-installed
apps.
Go to
https://marketplace.atlassian.com
and look up each app to see if a Data Center edition is available.
Step 2: Install Confluence Data Center
The way you do this depends on how you plan to host the application.
See
Confluence Installation Guide
for links to all the installation options.
Step 3: Export your Confluence Cloud instance
To export your Confluence Cloud instance:
Log in to Confluence Cloud as a
Site Admin
Select the wheel icon (
) in the top-right corner to open Confluence administration.
Find
Settings
>
Backup manager
in the left-hand navigation.
Follow the prompts and download the XML file.
The file will include all spaces and pages (including attachments), and all your users and groups.
Step 4: Import your Confluence Cloud instance export file
Unless your export file is quite small (less than 25mb) we recommend importing via the home directory method.
The import will overwrite all spaces, pages, and user accounts in your site - including your administrator account. You'll recover that account in the next step.
You should back up your database, home directory, and installation directory before you begin, in case you need to roll back.
To import from the home directory:
Copy your export file to
<confluence-home>/restore.
(If you're not sure where this directory is located, the path is listed in the
Backup and Restore
screen)
Go to
>
General configuration
>
Backup and Restore
.
Select your site export file under
Import from home directory
Make sure
Build Index
is checked so that your index is created automatically.
Choose
Import
.
See
Restoring a Site
for more information about the import process.
Step 5: Recover sys admin permissions
When you import an export file, all user accounts are overwritten, including the system administrator account that was created when you installed Confluence. Your existing Cloud Site Admin account will not automatically have system administrator permissions for Confluence Data Center.
To recover system administrator permissions:
Stop Confluence.
Edit
<installation-directory>/bin/setenv.sh
or
setenv.bat
and add the following system property, replacing
<your-password>
with a unique, temporary password.
-Datlassian.recovery.password=<your-password>
See
Configuring System Properties
for more information on using system properties.
Start Confluence
manually
(don't start Confluence as a service).
Log in to Confluence with the username
recovery_admin
and the temporary password you specified in the system property.
Go to
>
User Management
>
Add Users
.
Enter the details for your new system administrator account and hit
Save
. Make sure to use a strong password.
Choose
Edit Groups
and select the
confluence-administrators
group. This is a super-group that has system administrator permissions.
Log out, and confirm that you can successfully log in with your new account.
Stop Confluence.
Edit
<installation-directory>/bin/setenv.sh
or
setenv.bat
and remove the system property.
Restart Confluence using your usual method (manually or by starting the service).
See
Restore Passwords To Recover Admin User Rights
for more information on this process.
Step 6: Install any apps
To re-install your apps:
Log in to Confluence Data Center as an administrator.
Go to
>
Manage apps
.
Follow the prompts to search for or upload the apps you identified in step 1.  You'll need to purchase new licenses for these apps.
Remember that Team Calendars and Questions data is not included in your export, and cannot be migrated from Cloud at this time.
Step 7: Check your application links
If you had multiple Cloud apps, such as
Jira
, you may need to make some changes to the application links.
To remove or update application links:
Go to
>
General configuration
>
Application links
.
Follow the prompts to check and update any application links that are now pointing to the wrong place.
If you're unable to remove the Jira Cloud application link from your Confluence instance after the import, you'll need to remove those references directly from the Confluence database. See
Alternative Methods of Deleting Application Links in Confluence
.
Troubleshooting
There are a few known issues that you might encounter when importing your Cloud instance.
Can't load pages in Confluence Data Center
If you experience problems loading pages after the import, head to  >
General configuration
to check your base URL as the port may have changed.
Jira issues macros are broken
If your Confluence Cloud instance has macros that depend on the Application Links back to a Jira Cloud instance, and you are migrating Jira as well, these references will need to be updated to work properly. See
APL-1144
for a workaround.
You can also edit the XML file prior to importing it into Confluence Data Center, or by bulk editing those references in Confluence database. See
How to bulk update Jira Issue Macro to point to a different Jira instance
.
Users' favorites (starred pages or saved for later) are missing
If you find that some of your users' favorites (pages saved for later) are missing due to
CONF-36348
, see
How to restore missing favorites after import from XML
for more information.
Some user accounts are missing or created without user details
Users in Confluence Cloud have the ability to change their profile visibility settings. To ensure all user data is included in the export, ask a site admin to perform the export.
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
It wasn't accurate
It wasn't clear
It wasn't relevant
Provide feedback about this article
Still need help?
The Atlassian Community is here for you.
Ask the Community
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Import a Confluence Cloud space
Export a data backup file of your instance
Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites
Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center
On this page
Before you begin
Minimum Confluence version
Features and app availability
Templates
Team Calendars and Questions data
Migration approach
Infrastructure and database choice
Licenses
Account visibility
Migration steps
Step 1: Check your apps
Step 2: Install Confluence Data Center
Step 3: Export your Confluence Cloud instance
Step 4: Import your Confluence Cloud instance export file
Step 5: Recover sys admin permissions
Step 6: Install any apps
Step 7: Check your application links
Troubleshooting
Community
Questions, discussions, and articles
Accessibility
Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security
2025
Atlassian