URL: https://support.atlassian.com/confluence-cloud/docs/manage-public-links-across-confluence-cloud/

Manage public links across Confluence Cloud | Confluence Cloud | Atlassian Support
Skip to main content
Confluence Support
Products
Documentation
Resources
Contact us
Sign in
Sign in
Confluence Cloud
Documentation
Considering Confluence Cloud?
Confluence Cloud functionality and features
What is Confluence Cloud?
Learn about the features of Confluence Cloud plans
Confluence Standard
See how teams use Confluence Cloud
Use Confluence for technical documentation
Use Confluence for software teams
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Navigate around Confluence
What is the new navigation in Confluence?
Use For you to jump into work and see what's happening
Confluence navigation
View written content
Use spaces to organize your work
What is a space?
Create a space
Customize your personal space
Navigate spaces
Organize your space
Find content in a space
Customize your space's overview
Use labels to categorize spaces
Delete or disable a template
Find content in Confluence Cloud
Search for content
Search for people and teams
Confluence search syntax
Discover relevant content with related content
Use Atlassian Intelligence to search for answers
Create and edit content
Draft, publish, and update a page
Create and collaborate in real time with live docs
Format a page, live doc, or blog post with a template
Format your content
Format text
Create and manage layouts
Use symbols, emojis, and special characters
Keyboard shortcuts and autocomplete
Available markdown commands
Simplify data with tables
Charts and connected data
Work with images, videos, and files
Use Atlassian Intelligence to help write or edit content
Bring all your work into Confluence
Insert links and anchors
Get started with Smart Links in the content tree
What data is sent and received when pasting a Smart Link?
Insert and manage links on your pages and live docs
Add elements to a page or live doc
Transfer ownership of your content item
Add a status to your content
Make your content and its title more memorable
Import external documents
Classify content
How redaction works
Learn about the Atlassian cloud editor
Convert pages to the cloud editor
Keep content organized
Take quick action from the content title
Use labels to organize content and attachments
Move, copy, and hide content items
Archive content items
Restore archived items to the content tree
Delete, restore, or purge a content item
Save a page, live doc, or other content item for later
Use folders to organize your work
Upload and manage files
Upload a file
Display files and images
Manage uploaded files
Share and comment on files
Present your content with Presenter mode
Atlassian Intelligence features in Confluence Cloud
Search for answers using Atlassian Intelligence
Write or edit content using Atlassian Intelligence
Define terms using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Atlassian Intelligence with Confluence automation
Learn about pre-defined prompts in Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a page, live doc, or blog using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize comments using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize changes with Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a whiteboard using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Rovo to listen to audio briefings of Confluence content
Use Loom in Confluence Cloud
Create and edit whiteboards
Getting started with Confluence whiteboards
Create a new whiteboard
Navigation tools in whiteboards
Organize and explore ideas with sticky notes
Use shapes to visualize ideas
Add and edit text on whiteboards
Build flows and diagrams with flows and connectors
Inserting links to your whiteboard
Use sections to organize your work
Add and edit images on whiteboards
Add the feels with stamps and stickers
Use a template to get started fast
Keep on track with the timer
Hide collaborator cursors
Integrate whiteboards into your Atlassian workflow
Link Jira issues from your whiteboard
Take bulk Jira actions with smart sections
Set your whiteboard preferences
Import Figjam boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Miro boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Mural boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Jamboard whiteboards in Confluence whiteboards
Export your whiteboard
Collaboration limits on whiteboards
What Confluence whiteboards don't support
Whiteboards impact on third-party apps
Understand Confluence whiteboards plans and features
Browser support and settings for whiteboards
Atlassian Intelligence in Confluence whiteboards
Draw freeform lines with pen
Private mode in whiteboards
Voting in whiteboards
Whiteboard version history
Create and edit databases
Get started with Confluence databases
Database tour
Create a database
Database fields
Share databases, entries, or values
Database views
Layouts and options
Filter your data
Sort fields
Hide fields in your database
Import data into your database
Export your database data
Duplicate a database setup
Lock your database structure
What Confluence databases don't support
Database impact on third-party apps
Database version history
Perform simple calculations on your data
Export content from Confluence Cloud
Wide tables may be cut off in PDF export
Cases where PDF Export may revert to using legacy exporter
Get to know the new and simplified content layout
How to use the new toolbar and insert elements
Import data from other tools into Confluence
FAQ import data from HTML to Confluence
FAQ import data from Notion to Confluence
Import data from HTML to Confluence
Import data from Notion into Confluence
Import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from HTML to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from Notion to Confluence
Troubleshooting import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Review macros only available in the legacy editor
Insert the cheese macro
Insert the column macro
Insert the content by user macro
Insert the create space button macro
Insert the favorite pages macro
Insert the global reports macro
Insert the info, tip, note, and warning macros
Insert the JUnit report macro
Insert the noformat macro
Insert the panel macro
Insert the recently used labels macro
Insert the search results macro
Insert the section macro
Insert the space attachments macro
Insert the space details macro
Insert the status macro
Insert the code block macro
Insert the gallery macro
Insert the Google Drive macro
Insert the lorem ipsum macro
Insert the multimedia macro
Insert the navigation map macro
Insert the network macro
Insert the PDF macro
The Confluence legacy editor
FAQ: Understanding legacy editor deprecation
Convert legacy editor pages
Differences using Confluence legacy editor and cloud editor
The legacy content macro
Collaborate on content and get notified in Confluence Cloud
Collaborate on content
Create a network of users
Add a reaction to any content
Mention a person or team
Share Confluence content
Comment on pages, live docs, whiteboards, and blog posts
Watch pages, live docs, spaces, whiteboards, and blogs
Add people to Confluence from Google, Slack, or Microsoft
What can guests see and do in Confluence?
Share content externally with public links
Get notified about content and activity
View your notifications
Subscribe to email updates
What is a Confluence RSS feed?
Build an RSS feed
Subscribe to pre-specified RSS feeds
Subscribe to a network RSS feed
Celebrate your work with Confluence Recap
View Confluence analytics to see how content is performing
View insights on your site
View insights on spaces
Content insights and analytics
Turn on privacy mode for analytics data
Manage your account and permissions in Confluence Cloud
Manage your account
Edit your profile
Edit your user settings
Change your Confluence password
Manage OAuth access tokens
Delete your account
Change your theme
Set your email visibility
Manage permissions at the content level
Change who can find content and what they can do with it
Confluence permissions structure
Troubleshoot access problems to content
What is a Confluence group?
Extend the functionality of Confluence Cloud
Use Team Calendars for Confluence (Premium feature)
Subscribe to Team Calendars from third-party calendars
Getting started with team calendars
Add events
Add Jira events
See standard event types
Add and delete custom event types
Add reminders to events
Embed calendars on Confluence content
Watch a calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Thunderbird
Subscribe to Google Calendars from Confluence
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Microsoft Outlook
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple iOS Calendar
Export to other calendars
Set system properties
Team Calendars FAQs
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar (Android)
Use Company Hub to deliver key information to employees
Create and customize a Company Hub
Manage your Company Hub
Set up a menu of important links on Company Hub
Use sections to enhance and highlight your Company Hub content
Highlight important messages with a visual spotlight
Add a rotating set of frames to your Company Hub
Use cards to add beautiful dynamic content to Company Hub
Curate search results in Company Hub
Use Confluence with other applications
Use Slack and Confluence together
Use Jira and Confluence together
Use Trello and Confluence together
Use Microsoft Teams and Confluence together
Use macros to show Confluence content on pages and live docs
What are macros?
Learn which macros are being removed
Insert the attachments macro
Insert the blog posts macro
Insert the change history macro
Insert the child items macro
Insert the filter by label macro
Insert the content report table macro
Insert the contributors macro
Insert the contributors summary macro
Insert the create from template macro
Insert the decision report macro
Insert the excerpt macro
Add excerpts to a page or live doc with the insert excerpt macro
Insert the include content macro
Insert the labels list macro
Insert the popular labels macro
Insert the profile picture macro
Insert the recent updates macro
Insert the recently updated dashboard macro
Insert the related labels macro
Insert the spaces list macro
Insert the task report macro
Insert the user profile macro
Legacy editor content in the cloud editor
Use macros to add development info on Confluence pages
Display Jira work items in a list
Insert the Jira chart macro
Insert the Jira timeline macro
Display your Assets data on a Confluence page
Use macros to include media on Confluence pages
Insert Microsoft Office macros
Insert the widget connector macro
Use macros to add navigation on Confluence pages
Insert the anchor link macro
Insert the Live Search macro
Insert the Page Index macro
Insert the content tree macro
Insert the page tree search macro
Insert the table of contents macro
Insert the table of content zone macro
Use macros to add reporting info to Confluence pages
Insert the content properties macro
Insert the content properties report macro
Insert the user list macro
Use macros to add visuals and images to Confluence pages
Insert the chart macro
Insert the iFrame macro
Insert the roadmap planner macro
Add a trio of dynamic frames to your content with Carousel
Display beautiful, dynamic content on your page or live doc with Cards
Insert the expand macro
Use gadgets to add dynamic content
Add the activity stream gadget
Use Questions for Confluence
Install Questions for Confluence
Ask a question
Watch and edit topics
What are votes and experts?
Admin settings for Questions for Confluence
Use automation for Confluence
Learn about macros on Confluence mobile
Space administration
Set space-specific functionality
Additional PDF export settings
Advanced PDF export customizations
Set a default classification level for content
Manage permissions at the space level
What are space permissions?
Copy space permissions
Assign space permissions
Make a space public with anonymous access
Assign Questions for Confluence permissions
Manage content in a space
Clean up a space with the content manager
Transfer content item ownership from one user to another
Manage page watchers
Export a space's content as Word, PDF, or data files
Remove a space
Archive a space
Delete a space
Create templates, blueprints, and reports
Create a template
Edit a template
Promote a template
Create a custom report
Manage team calendars
Delete or remove a calendar
Restrict a calendar
Manage Questions for Confluence
Get started with Questions for Confluence
Administer questions
Integrate questions with your spaces
Customize your space
Apply a theme to a space
Change the space name and logo
Edit features for a space
Confluence administration
Get started as Confluence Cloud administrator
Set Confluence-wide functionality
Control whether spaces can allow public links
Control whether spaces can turn on anonymous access
Change the landing page
Change the Confluence Home welcome message
Create a custom space overview template
Turn off page reactions
Customize layout for PDF exports in Confluence Cloud
Convert legacy editor pages in all spaces
Configure live docs in Confluence
Monitor and manage activity in Confluence Cloud
Act on insights from mission control
Download a spaces report
View the audit log
Premium admin tools for Confluence Cloud
Post Confluence-wide announcements in a banner
Inspect a user's permissions
Bypass page restrictions with admin key
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Manage global permissions
Assign space access to guests
Manage public links across Confluence Cloud
How secure are public links?
Give access to unlicensed users from Jira Service Management
Manage analytics permissions in Confluence administration
Control which groups can use analytics
Manage Confluence content templates
Create a global content template
Edit a global content template
Install a global blueprint
Manage global content templates and blueprints
Configuration settings in Confluence Cloud
Change the site title
Configure the administrator contact page
Choose a default language
Configure the indexing language
Configure time and date formats
Configure number formats
Configure attachment size
Configure shortcut links
Install a custom language font for PDF exports
Confluence wiki markup syntax for the legacy editor
Customize the email domain sending Confluence emails
Security settings in Confluence Cloud
Hide external links from search engines
Disable anonymous access to remote API
Turn on Captcha for spam prevention or failed logins
Look and feel settings in Confluence Cloud
Install a theme
Set the default theme
Customize the navigation colors
Change your site and space logos
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Import a Confluence Cloud space
Export a data backup file of your instance
Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites
Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center
Atlassian Marketplace apps
Manage your apps
Status page: Live docs + Marketplace apps
Confluence automation administration
Confluence automation
Confluence automation usage
Atlassian administration for Confluence Cloud
Actions that require an organization or site admin
Manage your storage usage
Invite guests to Confluence
Removing users and downgrading to Confluence Free
Adjust permissions before downgrading to Confluence Free
What happens when an account is deactivated vs. deleted?
Atlassian Support
Confluence
Resources
Confluence administration
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Cloud
Data Center
Manage public links across Confluence Cloud
If your Confluence instance
allows public links
, we know it’s critical that you have visibility into and control over how public links are used. To that end, Confluence has a table where you can see which spaces allow public links and which specific content items have active public links, and make changes as needed.
View which spaces allow public links
In the
Public links
tab of
Global permissions
, Confluence admins will find a list of all the spaces on the instance and whether a space allows or doesn’t allow public links. This doesn’t indicate whether anything is public — it simply indicates whether it’s
possible
to make anything public. A space could allow public links but have 0 active public links. As a reminder, public links are allowed in all spaces by default.
On the
Standard plan
, you’ll see two statuses:
ALLOWED
= people can turn on the public link for any content  in that space
NOT ALLOWED
= no one can turn on the public link for any content in that space
If you’re on the
Premium or Enterprise plan
, you’ll see 3 statuses. The ability to block gives Confluence admins a higher level of control:
ALLOWED
= people can turn on the public link for any content in that space
NOT ALLOWED
= no one can turn on the public link for any content in that space but space admins in the space are free to change that to allow public links at any time
BLOCKED FROM ALLOWING
= no one can turn on the public link for any content in that space and space admins are blocked from allowing public links
To see which spaces allow public links or not:
Select the wheel icon (
) in the top-right corner to open Confluence administration.
Find
Settings
>
Security
in the left-hand navigation.
Select
Global permissions
.
Select the
Public links
tab.
Scroll and page through the table of spaces and their statuses.
Or you can use the search and filter functions to arrive at different views.
Manage which spaces allow public links
To allow public links in a specific space:
Select the wheel icon (
) in the top-right corner to open Confluence administration.
.
Find
Settings
>
Security
in the left-hand navigation.
Select
Global permissions
.
Select the
Public links
tab.
Scroll, search, and/or filter the table of spaces to find the space you want to allow public links in.
Open the more actions menu (•••).
Select
Allow.
To stop allowing public links in a specific space:
Select the wheel icon (
) in the top-right corner to open Confluence administration.
Find
Settings
>
Security
in the left-hand navigation.
Select
Global permissions
.
Select the
Public links
tab.
Scroll, search, and/or filter the table of spaces to find the space you want to stop allowing public links in.
Open the more actions menu (•••).
Select
Stop allowing.
When you stop allowing public links in a specific space, all active public links in that space will change from an
ON
state to an
OFF
state. If public links are ever allowed in that space again, all public links will remain in an
OFF
state until manually turned back
ON
.
If a content item’s public link can’t be turned on (e.g., if public links aren’t allowed in a space), the public link option in the content item’s
Share
window will appear grayed out, turned off, and disabled.
To block a specific space from allowing public links:
Go to
Global permissions
>
Public links
.
Scroll, search, and/or filter the table of spaces to find the space you want to allow public links in.
Open the more actions menu (•••).
Select
Block
.
Only Confluence admins can block spaces from allowing public links.
When you block public links from being allowed in a space that has active public links, all active public links will be changed from an
ON
state to an
OFF
state. If public links are ever allowed in that space again, all public links will remain in an
OFF
state until manually turned back
ON
.
To unblock a specific space from allowing public links:
Go to
Global permissions
>
Public links
.
Scroll, search, and/or filter the table of spaces to find the space you want to allow public links in.
Open the more actions menu (•••).
Select
Unblock and allow
.
Unblocking a space returns it to the default state, which is
ALLOWED
. The table doesn’t support unblocking directly into
NOT ALLOWED
.
To preemptively block a space from allowing public links:
Go to
Global permissions
>
Public links
.
Make sure the global toggle to
Allow public links on this site
is in an off position.
Scroll, search, and/or filter the table of spaces to find the space you want to allow public links in.
Open the more actions menu (•••).
Select
Block
.
Basically, this lets you set up which spaces on your instance should never be allowed to have public links
before
you enable the global toggle that allows the use of public links on your instance.
Remember, as soon as the global toggle is moved to an on position, all spaces not blocked from allowing will by default switch from
NOT
ALLOWED
to
ALLOWED
.
View and manage which spaces allow public links in bulk
If you’re on the
Premium plan
, you also have powerful bulk actions at your disposal.
To make
bulk
changes to which spaces allow public links:
Go to
Global permissions
>
Public links
.
Scroll, search, and/or filter the table of spaces to find the space you want to allow public links in.
Select multiple spaces or select the top checkbox to bulk select all spaces currently loaded on the page.
Select one of the bulk actions:
Stop allowing
Block
Allow
(in the ••• more bulk actions menu)
Unblock
(in the ••• more bulk actions menu)
Manage individual public links from global permissions
From within
Global permissions
>
Public links
,
you can drill down into any space to get more details about the active public links in that space without leaving global permissions. Simply select the number value in the
Public content
column of the table or open the more actions menu (•••) and select
View public link details
.
In the space’s public links drilldown view, you’ll find a table that shows the individual public links in a space. It will only show content that are
ON
or
BLOCKED
. It won’t show content items that don’t have active public links and aren’t blocked.
ON
= anyone with access to the content item can copy the public link and share it with anyone on the internet
BLOCKED
= the content item’s public link is off and no one can turn it on until the content is unblocked
You can search and filter this list of content items and turn off or block active public links. On the
Premium plan
, you can multi-select content items and turn off or block them in bulk.
To turn off a public link from the content view in global permissions:
Find the content item in the list you want to turn off.
Open the actions menu (•••).
Select
Turn off.
To block a public link from the content view in global permissions:
Find the content item in the list you want to block.
Open the actions menu (•••).
Select
Block.
To view the public version of the content:
Find the content item in the list.
Open the actions menu (•••).
Select
View public link.
Public links that are blocked are in an off state and so don’t have a public link to view.
Manage public links with automation rules
Automation is
an admin feature
available in
Confluence Premium
and
Enterprise
.
When admins create and enable automation rules, Confluence automation works behind the scenes to complete routine functions that would otherwise have to be done manually.
Admins can use an
automation trigger
to disable or block existing public links on one or more content items or block public links in a space.
For example, an admin could create a rule that automatically disables the public link for a content item any time a user labels the content item “private.”
Automation rules only work on existing public links. This means they don’t apply to content that has never had a public link turned on. If you create a rule based on an action such as labelling, you should temporarily turn the public link on before you apply the label.
Get notified about key public link activity
To learn more about what notifications you get from Confluence to help you maintain awareness and control over how public links are used on your instance and in your space, go to
How secure are public links?
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
It wasn't accurate
It wasn't clear
It wasn't relevant
Provide feedback about this article
Still need help?
The Atlassian Community is here for you.
Ask the Community
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Manage global permissions
Assign space access to guests
Manage public links across Confluence Cloud
How secure are public links?
Give access to unlicensed users from Jira Service Management
On this page
View which spaces allow public links
Manage which spaces allow public links
View and manage which spaces allow public links in bulk
Manage individual public links from global permissions
Manage public links with automation rules
Get notified about key public link activity
Community
Questions, discussions, and articles
Accessibility
Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security
2025
Atlassian