URL: https://support.atlassian.com/confluence-cloud/docs/use-jira-and-confluence-together/

Use Jira and Confluence together | Confluence Cloud | Atlassian Support
Skip to main content
Confluence Support
Products
Documentation
Resources
Contact us
Sign in
Sign in
Confluence Cloud
Documentation
Considering Confluence Cloud?
Confluence Cloud functionality and features
What is Confluence Cloud?
Learn about the features of Confluence Cloud plans
Confluence Standard
See how teams use Confluence Cloud
Use Confluence for technical documentation
Use Confluence for software teams
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Navigate around Confluence
What is the new navigation in Confluence?
Use For you to jump into work and see what's happening
Confluence navigation
View written content
Use spaces to organize your work
What is a space?
Create a space
Customize your personal space
Navigate spaces
Organize your space
Find content in a space
Customize your space's overview
Use labels to categorize spaces
Delete or disable a template
Find content in Confluence Cloud
Search for content
Search for people and teams
Confluence search syntax
Discover relevant content with related content
Use Atlassian Intelligence to search for answers
Create and edit content
Draft, publish, and update a page
Create and collaborate in real time with live docs
Format a page, live doc, or blog post with a template
Format your content
Format text
Create and manage layouts
Use symbols, emojis, and special characters
Keyboard shortcuts and autocomplete
Available markdown commands
Simplify data with tables
Charts and connected data
Work with images, videos, and files
Use Atlassian Intelligence to help write or edit content
Bring all your work into Confluence
Insert links and anchors
Get started with Smart Links in the content tree
What data is sent and received when pasting a Smart Link?
Insert and manage links on your pages and live docs
Add elements to a page or live doc
Transfer ownership of your content item
Add a status to your content
Make your content and its title more memorable
Import external documents
Classify content
How redaction works
Learn about the Atlassian cloud editor
Convert pages to the cloud editor
Keep content organized
Take quick action from the content title
Use labels to organize content and attachments
Move, copy, and hide content items
Archive content items
Restore archived items to the content tree
Delete, restore, or purge a content item
Save a page, live doc, or other content item for later
Use folders to organize your work
Upload and manage files
Upload a file
Display files and images
Manage uploaded files
Share and comment on files
Present your content with Presenter mode
Atlassian Intelligence features in Confluence Cloud
Search for answers using Atlassian Intelligence
Write or edit content using Atlassian Intelligence
Define terms using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Atlassian Intelligence with Confluence automation
Learn about pre-defined prompts in Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a page, live doc, or blog using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize comments using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize changes with Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a whiteboard using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Rovo to listen to audio briefings of Confluence content
Use Loom in Confluence Cloud
Create and edit whiteboards
Getting started with Confluence whiteboards
Create a new whiteboard
Navigation tools in whiteboards
Organize and explore ideas with sticky notes
Use shapes to visualize ideas
Add and edit text on whiteboards
Build flows and diagrams with flows and connectors
Inserting links to your whiteboard
Use sections to organize your work
Add and edit images on whiteboards
Add the feels with stamps and stickers
Use a template to get started fast
Keep on track with the timer
Hide collaborator cursors
Integrate whiteboards into your Atlassian workflow
Link Jira issues from your whiteboard
Take bulk Jira actions with smart sections
Set your whiteboard preferences
Import Figjam boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Miro boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Mural boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Jamboard whiteboards in Confluence whiteboards
Export your whiteboard
Collaboration limits on whiteboards
What Confluence whiteboards don't support
Whiteboards impact on third-party apps
Understand Confluence whiteboards plans and features
Browser support and settings for whiteboards
Atlassian Intelligence in Confluence whiteboards
Draw freeform lines with pen
Private mode in whiteboards
Voting in whiteboards
Whiteboard history
Create and edit databases
Get started with Confluence databases
Database tour
Create a database
Database fields
Share databases, entries, or values
Database views
Layouts and options
Filter your data
Sort fields
Hide fields in your database
Import data into your database
Export your database data
Duplicate a database setup
Lock your database structure
What Confluence databases don't support
Database impact on third-party apps
Export content from Confluence Cloud
Wide tables may be cut off in PDF export
Cases where PDF Export may revert to using legacy exporter
Get to know the new and simplified content layout
How to use the new toolbar and insert elements
Import data from other tools into Confluence
FAQ import data from HTML to Confluence
FAQ import data from Notion to Confluence
Import data from HTML to Confluence
Import data from Notion into Confluence
Import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from HTML to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from Notion to Confluence
Troubleshooting import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Review macros only available in the legacy editor
Insert the cheese macro
Insert the column macro
Insert the content by user macro
Insert the create space button macro
Insert the favorite pages macro
Insert the global reports macro
Insert the info, tip, note, and warning macros
Insert the JUnit report macro
Insert the noformat macro
Insert the panel macro
Insert the recently used labels macro
Insert the search results macro
Insert the section macro
Insert the space attachments macro
Insert the space details macro
Insert the status macro
Insert the code block macro
Insert the gallery macro
Insert the Google Drive macro
Insert the lorem ipsum macro
Insert the multimedia macro
Insert the navigation map macro
Insert the network macro
Insert the PDF macro
The Confluence legacy editor
FAQ: Understanding legacy editor deprecation
Convert legacy editor pages
Differences using Confluence legacy editor and cloud editor
The legacy content macro
Collaborate on content and get notified in Confluence Cloud
Collaborate on content
Create a network of users
Add a reaction to any content
Mention a person or team
Share Confluence content
Comment on pages, live docs, whiteboards, and blog posts
Watch pages, live docs, spaces, whiteboards, and blogs
Add people to Confluence from Google, Slack, or Microsoft
What can guests see and do in Confluence?
Share content externally with public links
Get notified about content and activity
View your notifications
Subscribe to email updates
What is a Confluence RSS feed?
Build an RSS feed
Subscribe to pre-specified RSS feeds
Subscribe to a network RSS feed
Celebrate your work with Confluence Recap
View Confluence analytics to see how content is performing
View insights on your site
View insights on spaces
Content insights and analytics
Turn on privacy mode for analytics data
Manage your account and permissions in Confluence Cloud
Manage your account
Edit your profile
Edit your user settings
Change your Confluence password
Manage OAuth access tokens
Delete your account
Change your theme
Set your email visibility
Manage permissions at the content level
Change who can find content and what they can do with it
Confluence permissions structure
Troubleshoot access problems to content
What is a Confluence group?
Extend the functionality of Confluence Cloud
Use Team Calendars for Confluence (Premium feature)
Subscribe to Team Calendars from third-party calendars
Getting started with team calendars
Add events
Add Jira events
See standard event types
Add and delete custom event types
Add reminders to events
Embed calendars on Confluence content
Watch a calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Thunderbird
Subscribe to Google Calendars from Confluence
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Microsoft Outlook
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple iOS Calendar
Export to other calendars
Set system properties
Team Calendars FAQs
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar (Android)
Use Company Hub to deliver key information to employees
Create and customize a Company Hub
Manage your Company Hub
Set up a menu of important links on Company Hub
Use sections to enhance and highlight your Company Hub content
Highlight important messages with a visual spotlight
Add a rotating set of frames to your Company Hub
Use cards to add beautiful dynamic content to Company Hub
Use Confluence with other applications
Use Slack and Confluence together
Use Jira and Confluence together
Use Trello and Confluence together
Use Microsoft Teams and Confluence together
Use macros to show Confluence content on pages and live docs
What are macros?
Learn which macros are being removed
Insert the attachments macro
Insert the blog posts macro
Insert the change history macro
Insert the child items macro
Insert the filter by label macro
Insert the content report table macro
Insert the contributors macro
Insert the contributors summary macro
Insert the create from template macro
Insert the decision report macro
Insert the excerpt macro
Add excerpts to a page or live doc with the insert excerpt macro
Insert the include content macro
Insert the labels list macro
Insert the popular labels macro
Insert the profile picture macro
Insert the recent updates macro
Insert the recently updated dashboard macro
Insert the related labels macro
Insert the spaces list macro
Insert the task report macro
Insert the user profile macro
Legacy editor content in the cloud editor
Use macros to add development info on Confluence pages
Display Jira work items in a list
Insert the Jira chart macro
Insert the Jira timeline macro
Display your Assets data on a Confluence page
Use macros to include media on Confluence pages
Insert Microsoft Office macros
Insert the widget connector macro
Use macros to add navigation on Confluence pages
Insert the anchor link macro
Insert the Live Search macro
Insert the Page Index macro
Insert the content tree macro
Insert the page tree search macro
Insert the table of contents macro
Insert the table of content zone macro
Use macros to add reporting info to Confluence pages
Insert the content properties macro
Insert the content properties report macro
Insert the user list macro
Use macros to add visuals and images to Confluence pages
Insert the chart macro
Insert the iFrame macro
Insert the roadmap planner macro
Add a trio of dynamic frames to your content with Carousel
Display beautiful, dynamic content on your page or live doc with Cards
Insert the expand macro
Use gadgets to add dynamic content
Add the activity stream gadget
Use Questions for Confluence
Install Questions for Confluence
Ask a question
Watch and edit topics
What are votes and experts?
Admin settings for Questions for Confluence
Use automation for Confluence
Learn about macros on Confluence mobile
Space administration
Set space-specific functionality
Additional PDF export settings
Advanced PDF export customizations
Set a default classification level for content
Manage permissions at the space level
What are space permissions?
Copy space permissions
Assign space permissions
Make a space public with anonymous access
Assign Questions for Confluence permissions
Manage content in a space
Clean up a space with the content manager
Transfer content item ownership from one user to another
Manage page watchers
Export a space's content as Word, PDF, or data files
Remove a space
Archive a space
Delete a space
Create templates, blueprints, and reports
Create a template
Edit a template
Promote a template
Create a custom report
Manage team calendars
Delete or remove a calendar
Restrict a calendar
Manage Questions for Confluence
Get started with Questions for Confluence
Administer questions
Integrate questions with your spaces
Customize your space
Apply a theme to a space
Change the space name and logo
Edit features for a space
Confluence administration
Get started as Confluence Cloud administrator
Set Confluence-wide functionality
Control whether spaces can allow public links
Control whether spaces can turn on anonymous access
Change the landing page
Change the Confluence Home welcome message
Create a custom space overview template
Turn off page reactions
Customize layout for PDF exports in Confluence Cloud
Convert legacy editor pages in all spaces
Configure live docs in Confluence
Monitor and manage activity in Confluence Cloud
Act on insights from mission control
Download a spaces report
View the audit log
Premium admin tools for Confluence Cloud
Post Confluence-wide announcements in a banner
Inspect a user's permissions
Bypass page restrictions with admin key
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Manage global permissions
Assign space access to guests
Manage public links across Confluence Cloud
How secure are public links?
Give access to unlicensed users from Jira Service Management
Manage analytics permissions in Confluence administration
Control which groups can use analytics
Manage Confluence page and doc templates
Create a global page template
Edit a global page or doc template
Install a global blueprint
Manage global page templates, doc templates, and blueprints
Configuration settings in Confluence Cloud
Change the site title
Configure the administrator contact page
Choose a default language
Configure the indexing language
Configure time and date formats
Configure number formats
Configure attachment size
Configure shortcut links
Install a custom language font for PDF exports
Confluence wiki markup syntax for the legacy editor
Customize the email domain sending Confluence emails
Security settings in Confluence Cloud
Hide external links from search engines
Disable anonymous access to remote API
Turn on Captcha for spam prevention or failed logins
Look and feel settings in Confluence Cloud
Install a theme
Set the default theme
Customize the navigation colors
Change your site and space logos
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Import a Confluence Cloud space
Export a data backup file of your instance
Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites
Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center
Atlassian Marketplace apps
Manage your apps
Status page: Live docs + Marketplace apps
Confluence automation administration
Confluence automation
Confluence automation usage
Atlassian administration for Confluence Cloud
Actions that require an organization or site admin
Manage your storage usage
Invite guests to Confluence
Removing users and downgrading to Confluence Free
Adjust permissions before downgrading to Confluence Free
What happens when an account is deactivated vs. deleted?
Atlassian Support
Confluence
Resources
Extend the functionality of Confluence Cloud
Use Confluence with other applications
Cloud
Data Center
Use Jira and Confluence together
Confluence and Jira apps are like bacon and eggs; coffee and cake; Simon and Garfunkel. Separately, they're great, but together, they're amazing! If you have both a Confluence and Jira app in your Cloud site, you can seamlessly track project updates across both tools and create Jira work items without leaving the Confluence content you're working on.
What you can do with Confluence and Jira depends on the type of Jira app have in your Cloud site. Find out about the types of features you can use with each Jira app at the bottom of this article.
For every project or team
Display work items on a page or live doc
To display Jira work items on a Confluence page or live doc, use the Jira work items macro. Display a single work item, a list of work items, or show the total number of work items.
The simplest way to add a Jira work item to Confluence is to paste a Jira URL on a Confluence page or doc.
Here's some examples...
<yourjirasite.com>/browse/CONF-1234
will insert the Jira work items macro and display a single work item.
<yourjirasite.com>/issues/?filter=56789
will insert the Jira work items macro and display a list of work items matching the saved filter.
<yourjirasite.com>/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20CONF
will insert the Jira work items macro and display a list of work items matching the Jira search.
Alternatively, you can add the
Jira work items macro
to the page or doc and search for work items directly:
In the editor choose
Insert
>
Jira work item
Follow the prompts in the macro browser to choose a project and search for a work item—you can even use
Jira Query Language (JQL)
Once you've
added the macro
, you can customize how the work item or list of work items appears, including how much information to display, how many work items, and more.
Create reports and charts
Reporting on information stored in Jira is simple in Confluence. In addition to the Jira work items macro, you can use the Jira Report blueprint or Jira Chart macro to show information from your Jira apps visually. It's the best way to give your stakeholders a snapshot of your team or project's progress.
You can:
Use the
Jira Report blueprint
to create a Change Log or Status report
Use the
Jira Chart Macro
to display data as a chart, including pie charts, created vs resolved, and two dimensional charts
Use Jira
Gadgets
to display detailed Jira reports and charts on pages and live docs
Create work items from inside Confluence
You can create work items while viewing or editing content, letting you use Confluence for planning and gathering requirements. You can create a single work item from highlighted text, create multiple work items from a table, or use Atlassian Intelligence (AI) to generate work items for you, either one at a time or by scanning your content and drafting multiple work items at once.
Atlassian Intelligence (AI) uses Confluence data to create Jira work items by generating the summary and description. However, the experience itself lives in Confluence.
Atlassian Intelligence is available and automatically activated for all apps on Premium and Enterprise plans. Organization admins can manage Atlassian Intelligence preferences from
Settings > Atlassian Intelligence
in Atlassian Administration.
Atlassian Intelligence isn’t available for
Atlassian Government
apps.
Create work items when viewing a page or live doc
To create a single work item from a Confluence page or live doc, as a customer with the Free or Standard plan:
Highlight text on your page or doc. The floating toolbar appears.
Select the
+ Jira work item
dropdown.
Select
Create single work item
.
The
Create Jira work item side panel opens on the right.
Complete your Jira fields and select
Create
.
The work item will be created in Jira and added to your page or doc.
To create a single work item using Atlassian Intelligence:
The quality, accuracy, and reliability of information generated by Atlassian Intelligence may vary.
Learn why
If your organization is on a Premium or Enterprise plan and if Atlassian Intelligence is activated for your Confluence instance or your Jira instance, you can use Atlassian Intelligence to generate a Jira work item from highlighted text that will also use context from the rest of the content around it.
Highlight text on your page or live doc. The floating toolbar appears.
Select the
+ Jira work item
button.
The Create Jira work item side panel opens on the right with the generated Jira work item.
If you don’t want to use Atlassian Intelligence, toggle off
Use AI to generate summary and description
. This will reload the work item and only use the highlighted text to populate the Jira work item summary field. Any additional work items created from the highlighted text will not use Atlassian Intelligence.
Complete your Jira fields and select
Create
.
The work item will be created in Jira and added to your content.
To create multiple work items from a table:
Highlight text in a table on your page or live doc. The floating toolbar appears.
Select the
+ Jira work item
dropdown.
Select
Multiple work item
.
The Create multiple work items modal opens.
Select
Create.
The work items will be created in Jira and added to the table on your content.
To generate multiple work items from a page or live doc using Atlassian Intelligence:
The quality, accuracy, and reliability of information generated by Atlassian Intelligence may vary.
Learn why
Select the AI button on the bottom right of the screen, then select
+ Create Jira work items
. Confluence will generate a list of work items for you in the right side panel.
Hover over a work item and select the pencil icon to review the summary and description for accuracy, make any necessary changes, and add additional information as needed.
Select
Create
to save your changes and create the work item in Jira or
Cancel
to discard changes.
To remove a work item from the list, hover over the work item and select the X.
The work items will be created in Jira and added to your content.
Create work items while editing
To create a single work item:
In the editor choose
Insert
>
Jira work item
>
Create new work item
Enter your
server
(if you have multiple Jira instances connected to Confluence),
project
,
work type
,
summary
, and
description.
Select
Insert.
The work item will be created in Jira and added to your content.
There are some limitations when creating Jira work items from Confluence. The Jira work items macro or Create Jira work item dialog will notify you if it's unable to create a work item in the selected project. You can find out more in the
Jira work items macro
documentation.
Move between Jira and Confluence
Whenever you add a link to Jira work items in Confluence, or link to a Confluence page or live doc from your Jira apps, the
Jira Links
button appears at the top of the Confluence page or doc. This means you can quickly jump from Confluence to Jira and vice versa, speeding up your workflow.
The number on the Jira Links button indicates the total number of work items and sprints connected to that page or doc, regardless of whether you have permission to view them. The dropdown, however, will only show details of work items and sprints that you have Jira permissions to view.
The button doesn't detect links from work items displayed in the Jira work items macro in table format.
For software teams
Here are some suggestions to help you get the most out of Confluence and
Jira
, and unleash the potential in your agile development team.
Define your requirements
Confluence is the perfect place to start defining your requirements. You can use the Product requirements template to capture your requirements, then create your Jira epic and other work items right from the requirements page in Confluence.
Here's how it works:
Create a Confluence page or live doc using the Product requirements template.
Choose the placeholder text '
Link to Jira epic or feature
' and choose
Create new work item
to create your epic in Jira.
Collaborate with your team to define your stories.
Highlight text on your requirements page and choose the
Create Jira work item
link to create stories in Jira, and automatically link them to your epic.
Track the progress of the stories from the Confluence page or doc or from within Jira.
The tight integration between Confluence and
Jira
means you can easily access work items from Confluence and see their status at a glance, and from within
Jira
you can see links to related Confluence pages and docs. All the information you need is right there.
Manage your sprints
There's often a lot of material in Confluence that provides useful context for your team during a sprint. These might be requirements documents, designs, tech specs, customer research and more. By linking these pages and docs to epics, you make them easy for your team to find during the sprint.
Here's how you can use Confluence to support your sprint from within Jira Agile:
In
Jira
, create a Confluence page or live doc to plan your sprint. It will be created using the Meeting notes template and automatically link to the sprint.
In an epic, link to useful Confluence pages and live docs, including requirements, designs, and more.
Report on your progress to stakeholders using the Jira Report blueprint in Confluence.
Use the Retrospective template in Confluence at the end of your sprint to take stock of what went well and not so well.
For people who work mostly in
Jira
, the integration means that useful Confluence pages and docs are only a click away.
Share your roadmap
If you're using a
team-managed Jira Cloud project
, you can project's roadmap to a Confluence page or live doc. See
Jira Roadmap Macro
to learn more.
For service teams
Provide self help resources for your customers
If you use Jira Service Management, you can help your customers resolve their work items without creating a request by connecting your service management project to a knowledge base in Confluence.
In Jira Service Management, head to
Administration
>
Confluence KB
(or
Settings
>
Knowledge Base
if you're using Jira Service Management Server 2.x or earlier) to connect or create a Confluence space.
When Jira Service Management customers search in the customer portal, pages in the linked knowledge base space will be suggested, allowing customers to help themselves.
Create knowledge base articles
The Knowledge Base space blueprint, along with templates for how-to and troubleshooting articles make creating new knowledge base articles super simple for your Jira Service Management agents.
The templates used in the how-to and troubleshooting blueprints are completely customizable too. Set up the template with all your standard information and let your agents take it from there.
Allow any active user to see knowledge base spaces
If your Confluence instance is not public, you can still make a knowledge base space available via the customer portal.
When you link your Jira Service Management project to a Confluence space, you can choose to allow all active users and customers to see pages in the linked space, even if they don't have a Confluence license.  These people get very limited Confluence access.
Unlicensed users can:
View pages via the Jira Service Management customer portal.
Follow a URL to a page or live doc and then navigate within the linked space.
Unlicensed users can't:
Like, comment on or edit pages or live docs (or be granted permission to do this).
See the dashboard, user profiles, the people directory or space directory.
Search the whole Confluence instance.
This permission can only be enabled via Jira Service Management, but you can revoke access to the whole instance or to particular spaces via Confluence's global permissions or space permissions.
Allowing all active users and customers to view a space will override all existing space permissions, so any logged in, licensed Confluence user will also be able to see the space (regardless of their group membership). This is due to the way Confluence inherits permissions.
Jira app features
As you've seen, Confluence has many integration points, some of which are only available in particular Jira apps. Check out the features you can access depending on what type of Jira apps you connect to Confluence Cloud:
Feature
Jira
business projects
Jira
software project
s
Jira Service Management
Display work items using Jira work items macro
Display work item and project information using Jira chart macro
Display work item and project information using the Jira Report blueprint
Create a work item from Jira work items macro
Create work items by highlighting text on a Confluence page or live doc
Create work items by highlighting text on a Confluence page or live doc and automatically link work items to an epic
Link and create Confluence pages from work items and sprints
View linked work items with the Jira links button in Confluence
Create a space using the Software Project space blueprint
Use a Confluence space as a knowledge base in the customer portal
Allow Jira Service Management customers to view knowledge base articles without a Confluence license
Search for an existing Confluence page within the Jira link dialog
Delegate user management to Jira
Add a Jira gadget to a Confluence page or live doc
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
It wasn't accurate
It wasn't clear
It wasn't relevant
Provide feedback about this article
Still need help?
The Atlassian Community is here for you.
Ask the Community
Use Confluence with other applications
Use Slack and Confluence together
Use Jira and Confluence together
Use Trello and Confluence together
Use Microsoft Teams and Confluence together
On this page
For every project or team
Display work items on a page or live doc
Create reports and charts
Create work items from inside Confluence
Create work items when viewing a page or live doc
Create work items while editing
Move between Jira and Confluence
For software teams
Define your requirements
Manage your sprints
Share your roadmap
For service teams
Provide self help resources for your customers
Create knowledge base articles
Allow any active user to see knowledge base spaces
Jira app features
Community
Questions, discussions, and articles
Accessibility
Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security
2025
Atlassian