URL: https://support.atlassian.com/confluence-cloud/docs/faq-understanding-legacy-editor-deprecation/

FAQ: Understanding legacy editor deprecation | Confluence Cloud | Atlassian Support
Skip to main content
Confluence Support
Products
Documentation
Resources
Contact us
Sign in
Sign in
Confluence Cloud
Documentation
Considering Confluence Cloud?
Confluence Cloud functionality and features
What is Confluence Cloud?
Learn about the features of Confluence Cloud plans
Confluence Standard
See how teams use Confluence Cloud
Use Confluence for technical documentation
Use Confluence for software teams
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Navigate around Confluence
What is the new navigation in Confluence?
Use For you to jump into work and see what's happening
Confluence navigation
View written content
Use spaces to organize your work
What is a space?
Create a space
Customize your personal space
Navigate spaces
Organize your space
Find content in a space
Customize your space's overview
Use labels to categorize spaces
Delete or disable a template
Find content in Confluence Cloud
Search for content
Search for people and teams
Confluence search syntax
Discover relevant content with related content
Use Atlassian Intelligence to search for answers
Create and edit content
Draft, publish, and update a page
Create and collaborate in real time with live docs
Format a page, live doc, or blog post with a template
Format your content
Format text
Create and manage layouts
Use symbols, emojis, and special characters
Keyboard shortcuts and autocomplete
Available markdown commands
Simplify data with tables
Charts and connected data
Work with images, videos, and files
Use Atlassian Intelligence to help write or edit content
Bring all your work into Confluence
Insert links and anchors
Get started with Smart Links in the content tree
What data is sent and received when pasting a Smart Link?
Insert and manage links on your pages and live docs
Add elements to a page or live doc
Transfer ownership of your content item
Add a status to your content
Make your content and its title more memorable
Import external documents
Classify content
How redaction works
Learn about the Atlassian cloud editor
Convert pages to the cloud editor
Keep content organized
Take quick action from the content title
Use labels to organize content and attachments
Move, copy, and hide content items
Archive content items
Restore archived items to the content tree
Delete, restore, or purge a content item
Save a page, live doc, or other content item for later
Use folders to organize your work
Upload and manage files
Upload a file
Display files and images
Manage uploaded files
Share and comment on files
Present your content with Presenter mode
Atlassian Intelligence features in Confluence Cloud
Search for answers using Atlassian Intelligence
Write or edit content using Atlassian Intelligence
Define terms using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Atlassian Intelligence with Confluence automation
Learn about pre-defined prompts in Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a page, live doc, or blog using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize comments using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize changes with Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a whiteboard using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Rovo to listen to audio briefings of Confluence content
Use Loom in Confluence Cloud
Create and edit whiteboards
Getting started with Confluence whiteboards
Create a new whiteboard
Navigation tools in whiteboards
Organize and explore ideas with sticky notes
Use shapes to visualize ideas
Add and edit text on whiteboards
Build flows and diagrams with flows and connectors
Inserting links to your whiteboard
Use sections to organize your work
Add and edit images on whiteboards
Add the feels with stamps and stickers
Use a template to get started fast
Keep on track with the timer
Hide collaborator cursors
Integrate whiteboards into your Atlassian workflow
Link Jira issues from your whiteboard
Take bulk Jira actions with smart sections
Set your whiteboard preferences
Import Figjam boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Miro boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Mural boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Jamboard whiteboards in Confluence whiteboards
Export your whiteboard
Collaboration limits on whiteboards
What Confluence whiteboards don't support
Whiteboards impact on third-party apps
Understand Confluence whiteboards plans and features
Browser support and settings for whiteboards
Atlassian Intelligence in Confluence whiteboards
Draw freeform lines with pen
Private mode in whiteboards
Voting in whiteboards
Whiteboard version history
Create and edit databases
Get started with Confluence databases
Database tour
Create a database
Database fields
Share databases, entries, or values
Database views
Layouts and options
Filter your data
Sort fields
Hide fields in your database
Import data into your database
Export your database data
Duplicate a database setup
Lock your database structure
What Confluence databases don't support
Database impact on third-party apps
Database version history
Perform simple calculations on your data
Export content from Confluence Cloud
Wide tables may be cut off in PDF export
Cases where PDF Export may revert to using legacy exporter
Get to know the new and simplified content layout
How to use the new toolbar and insert elements
Import data from other tools into Confluence
FAQ import data from HTML to Confluence
FAQ import data from Notion to Confluence
Import data from HTML to Confluence
Import data from Notion into Confluence
Import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from HTML to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from Notion to Confluence
Troubleshooting import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Review macros only available in the legacy editor
Insert the cheese macro
Insert the column macro
Insert the content by user macro
Insert the create space button macro
Insert the favorite pages macro
Insert the global reports macro
Insert the info, tip, note, and warning macros
Insert the JUnit report macro
Insert the noformat macro
Insert the panel macro
Insert the recently used labels macro
Insert the search results macro
Insert the section macro
Insert the space attachments macro
Insert the space details macro
Insert the status macro
Insert the code block macro
Insert the gallery macro
Insert the Google Drive macro
Insert the lorem ipsum macro
Insert the multimedia macro
Insert the navigation map macro
Insert the network macro
Insert the PDF macro
The Confluence legacy editor
FAQ: Understanding legacy editor deprecation
Convert legacy editor pages
Differences using Confluence legacy editor and cloud editor
The legacy content macro
Collaborate on content and get notified in Confluence Cloud
Collaborate on content
Create a network of users
Add a reaction to any content
Mention a person or team
Share Confluence content
Comment on pages, live docs, whiteboards, and blog posts
Watch pages, live docs, spaces, whiteboards, and blogs
Add people to Confluence from Google, Slack, or Microsoft
What can guests see and do in Confluence?
Share content externally with public links
Get notified about content and activity
View your notifications
Subscribe to email updates
What is a Confluence RSS feed?
Build an RSS feed
Subscribe to pre-specified RSS feeds
Subscribe to a network RSS feed
Celebrate your work with Confluence Recap
View Confluence analytics to see how content is performing
View insights on your site
View insights on spaces
Content insights and analytics
Turn on privacy mode for analytics data
Manage your account and permissions in Confluence Cloud
Manage your account
Edit your profile
Edit your user settings
Change your Confluence password
Manage OAuth access tokens
Delete your account
Change your theme
Set your email visibility
Manage permissions at the content level
Change who can find content and what they can do with it
Confluence permissions structure
Troubleshoot access problems to content
What is a Confluence group?
Extend the functionality of Confluence Cloud
Use Team Calendars for Confluence (Premium feature)
Subscribe to Team Calendars from third-party calendars
Getting started with team calendars
Add events
Add Jira events
See standard event types
Add and delete custom event types
Add reminders to events
Embed calendars on Confluence content
Watch a calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Thunderbird
Subscribe to Google Calendars from Confluence
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Microsoft Outlook
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple iOS Calendar
Export to other calendars
Set system properties
Team Calendars FAQs
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar (Android)
Use Company Hub to deliver key information to employees
Create and customize a Company Hub
Manage your Company Hub
Set up a menu of important links on Company Hub
Use sections to enhance and highlight your Company Hub content
Highlight important messages with a visual spotlight
Add a rotating set of frames to your Company Hub
Use cards to add beautiful dynamic content to Company Hub
Curate search results in Company Hub
Use Confluence with other applications
Use Slack and Confluence together
Use Jira and Confluence together
Use Trello and Confluence together
Use Microsoft Teams and Confluence together
Use macros to show Confluence content on pages and live docs
What are macros?
Learn which macros are being removed
Insert the attachments macro
Insert the blog posts macro
Insert the change history macro
Insert the child items macro
Insert the filter by label macro
Insert the content report table macro
Insert the contributors macro
Insert the contributors summary macro
Insert the create from template macro
Insert the decision report macro
Insert the excerpt macro
Add excerpts to a page or live doc with the insert excerpt macro
Insert the include content macro
Insert the labels list macro
Insert the popular labels macro
Insert the profile picture macro
Insert the recent updates macro
Insert the recently updated dashboard macro
Insert the related labels macro
Insert the spaces list macro
Insert the task report macro
Insert the user profile macro
Legacy editor content in the cloud editor
Use macros to add development info on Confluence pages
Display Jira work items in a list
Insert the Jira chart macro
Insert the Jira timeline macro
Display your Assets data on a Confluence page
Use macros to include media on Confluence pages
Insert Microsoft Office macros
Insert the widget connector macro
Use macros to add navigation on Confluence pages
Insert the anchor link macro
Insert the Live Search macro
Insert the Page Index macro
Insert the content tree macro
Insert the page tree search macro
Insert the table of contents macro
Insert the table of content zone macro
Use macros to add reporting info to Confluence pages
Insert the content properties macro
Insert the content properties report macro
Insert the user list macro
Use macros to add visuals and images to Confluence pages
Insert the chart macro
Insert the iFrame macro
Insert the roadmap planner macro
Add a trio of dynamic frames to your content with Carousel
Display beautiful, dynamic content on your page or live doc with Cards
Insert the expand macro
Use gadgets to add dynamic content
Add the activity stream gadget
Use Questions for Confluence
Install Questions for Confluence
Ask a question
Watch and edit topics
What are votes and experts?
Admin settings for Questions for Confluence
Use automation for Confluence
Learn about macros on Confluence mobile
Space administration
Set space-specific functionality
Additional PDF export settings
Advanced PDF export customizations
Set a default classification level for content
Manage permissions at the space level
What are space permissions?
Copy space permissions
Assign space permissions
Make a space public with anonymous access
Assign Questions for Confluence permissions
Manage content in a space
Clean up a space with the content manager
Transfer content item ownership from one user to another
Manage page watchers
Export a space's content as Word, PDF, or data files
Remove a space
Archive a space
Delete a space
Create templates, blueprints, and reports
Create a template
Edit a template
Promote a template
Create a custom report
Manage team calendars
Delete or remove a calendar
Restrict a calendar
Manage Questions for Confluence
Get started with Questions for Confluence
Administer questions
Integrate questions with your spaces
Customize your space
Apply a theme to a space
Change the space name and logo
Edit features for a space
Confluence administration
Get started as Confluence Cloud administrator
Set Confluence-wide functionality
Control whether spaces can allow public links
Control whether spaces can turn on anonymous access
Change the landing page
Change the Confluence Home welcome message
Create a custom space overview template
Turn off page reactions
Customize layout for PDF exports in Confluence Cloud
Convert legacy editor pages in all spaces
Configure live docs in Confluence
Monitor and manage activity in Confluence Cloud
Act on insights from mission control
Download a spaces report
View the audit log
Premium admin tools for Confluence Cloud
Post Confluence-wide announcements in a banner
Inspect a user's permissions
Bypass page restrictions with admin key
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Manage global permissions
Assign space access to guests
Manage public links across Confluence Cloud
How secure are public links?
Give access to unlicensed users from Jira Service Management
Manage analytics permissions in Confluence administration
Control which groups can use analytics
Manage Confluence content templates
Create a global content template
Edit a global content template
Install a global blueprint
Manage global content templates and blueprints
Configuration settings in Confluence Cloud
Change the site title
Configure the administrator contact page
Choose a default language
Configure the indexing language
Configure time and date formats
Configure number formats
Configure attachment size
Configure shortcut links
Install a custom language font for PDF exports
Confluence wiki markup syntax for the legacy editor
Customize the email domain sending Confluence emails
Security settings in Confluence Cloud
Hide external links from search engines
Disable anonymous access to remote API
Turn on Captcha for spam prevention or failed logins
Look and feel settings in Confluence Cloud
Install a theme
Set the default theme
Customize the navigation colors
Change your site and space logos
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Import a Confluence Cloud space
Export a data backup file of your instance
Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites
Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center
Atlassian Marketplace apps
Manage your apps
Status page: Live docs + Marketplace apps
Confluence automation administration
Confluence automation
Confluence automation usage
Atlassian administration for Confluence Cloud
Actions that require an organization or site admin
Manage your storage usage
Invite guests to Confluence
Removing users and downgrading to Confluence Free
Adjust permissions before downgrading to Confluence Free
What happens when an account is deactivated vs. deleted?
Atlassian Support
Confluence
Resources
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
The Confluence legacy editor
Cloud
Data Center
FAQ: Understanding legacy editor deprecation
Key Deprecation Dates
Atlassian is taking a phased approach to deprecating the
legacy editor
to ensure a smooth and successful transition for all customers. The top priorities are to remove blockers from the conversion process—so your content remains intact—and to close key gaps between the legacy and cloud editors before the deprecation is complete.
Phase 1 (January 2026)
: New pages can't be created in the legacy editor, including copying legacy pages or creating new pages from legacy editor templates.
Phase 2 (January 2026 - March 2026)
: Viewing or editing a legacy page will automatically convert it to the cloud editor.
Phase 3 (April 2026)
: The legacy editor is fully deprecated; all content is viewed and edited in the cloud editor and pages can't be reverted back to legacy editor.
Frequently Asked Questions
Question
Response
1
How can I share feedback or concerns?
You can share feedback in the following ways:
Select
in the header (next to your profile photo), select “Give Feedback,” and choose “Editor” from the menu.
Vote or comment on feature suggestions in
jira.atlassian.com
.
Participate in the
deprecation community group
.
2
Legacy features not available in cloud editor
Why are some features from the cloud editor not available in the legacy editor, and when will missing features be added?
Atlassian is actively working to address the most critical gaps between the legacy and cloud editor so that, by the time of deprecation, nearly all pages can be converted seamlessly with minimal manual effort.
Some features from the legacy editor have intentionally not been replicated in the cloud editor due to technical limitations and our focus on building a modern, scalable editing experience for the cloud.
If there are specific features that are important to your workflows, please search for them under Confluence Cloud suggestions on
jira.atlassian.com
. Voting and commenting on suggestions helps us prioritize improvements that matter most to you.
3
How do I know how many pages in a space or site are using the legacy editor or have unsupported content?
Admins can use a script to export a CSV-formated list containing the coversion eligibility of all legacy editor pages. Follow these
detailed instructions
to use this tool to list the status of all legacy content on your Confluence site.
4
We have a large dependency on third-party macros in our content. Will these macros continue to function normally after the legacy editor is deprecated?
Many third-party macros on legacy pages, including those with nested  macros, will be converted automatically to the cloud editor using our
Legacy Content Macro
. However, because the third-party ecosystem is so broad, there may be some edge cases that are not fully addressed by the solution.
If you encounter issues with a specific third-party macro, reach out directly to the app developer and also provide feedback to Atlassian.
5
If we detect that some pages still have feature parity gaps in the cloud editor, can we keep these pages in the legacy editor?
You can continue using the legacy editor for your pages until Phase 3 of the deprecation. In Phase 2, all eligible pages will be automatically converted, but you’ll still have the option to manually revert them if needed. You can do so by
restoring the most recent version of the page before conversion, via the page’s version history
. Once Phase 3 begins, all pages will transition to the cloud editor, and reverting will no longer be possible.
Please provide feedback about any critical issues or concerns with the cloud editor so we can better support you and focus on the capabilities that matter most.
6
Is there any way to control who can convert a page from legacy to the cloud editor?
Anyone with permission to edit a page can convert it from the legacy editor to the new cloud editor. At this time, there isn’t a way to restrict this action to specific users.
7
My organization has a lot of legacy pages and I’m worried about the timeline of the deprecation. Do I need to take any action to prepare for the legacy editor deprecation?
You are not required to take specific action for this deprecation. These solutions are designed to enable a smooth, automatic conversion. They are focused on ensuring the transition to the cloud editor is as straightforward and smooth as possible.
Eligible legacy pages will be automatically converted to the cloud editor according to the deprecation timeline. Your content will remain viewable and editable after the deprecation, even without manual intervention.
While no action is required for most customers, if you have especially complex legacy pages, it’s helpful to convert eligible pages early and share feedback—your input helps Atlassian refine the solutions and support you better.
8
Can you disable the “Get the latest editing experience” prompt that encourages users to Update page to get the latest editor experience?
This prompt only appears on pages
eligible
for conversion to cloud, where no "
unsupported
" content will be displayed after conversion. These pages are fully compatible with the cloud editor, allowing users to view and edit them seamlessly.
This prompt encourages users to switch to the cloud editor because the legacy editor is unsupported, and soon to be deprecated. While you can still edit existing pages in the legacy editor, converting to the cloud editor gives the best experience and support.
Currently, this prompt can't be disabled, but you can vote and comment on the
related suggestion
to provide feedback to us and receive status updates. We’d also appreciate understanding your reasons for wanting to disable the prompt, as this helps us better support you and address your concerns.
9
How do I know if a page is eligible before converting?
Eligible
pages are those that can be converted to the cloud editor without displaying any unsupported content after conversion. These pages are fully compatible with the cloud editor, allowing users to view and edit them seamlessly. The introduction of the
legacy content macro
has made a lot more pages eligible and we’re actively expanding support for additional use cases over the next quarter.
Identifying Eligible Pages:
“Get the latest editing experience” prompt:
When you edit an eligible page, you’ll see a prompt to update your page.
Checkmark Indicator:
While editing in the legacy editor, a checkmark
in the bottom left corner indicates eligibility.
Ineligible pages:
If a legacy editor page has content that can’t be converted, you won’t see the prompt to convert to the cloud editor. If you try to convert it anyway, you will see a warning that you could lose content.
For additional details, please
visit our page on converting pages to the cloud editor
.
10
What happens to my templates that use the legacy editor?
We’re committed to ensuring a smooth transition for customers using legacy editor templates. By Phase 1 of the deprecation, templates using the legacy editor will be convertible to the cloud editor.
Our team is actively working on this
capability
as a priority for the upcoming quarter, so you can continue to use your templates seamlessly in the cloud editing experience.
11
My organization has a lot of legacy pages and I’m worried about the timeline of the deprecation. How can I get a head start on converting our pages to the cloud editor?
Site and space admins can enable autoconversion settings at any time to help streamline the transition for their teams. Autoconversion applies to eligible pages—those that can be converted to the cloud editor without unsupported content. Once converted, these pages can be seamlessly viewed and edited in the cloud editor.
Pages containing unsupported content will remain in the legacy editor until support becomes available, at which point they’ll become eligible for conversion. If auto-conversion is already enabled, no further action is needed as we expand support for additional use cases.
To learn more about converting pages, visit the
procedure for converting pages
.
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
It wasn't accurate
It wasn't clear
It wasn't relevant
Provide feedback about this article
Still need help?
The Atlassian Community is here for you.
Ask the Community
The Confluence legacy editor
FAQ: Understanding legacy editor deprecation
Convert legacy editor pages
Differences using Confluence legacy editor and cloud editor
The legacy content macro
On this page
Key Deprecation Dates
Frequently Asked Questions
Community
Questions, discussions, and articles
Accessibility
Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security
2025
Atlassian