URL: https://support.atlassian.com/confluence-cloud/docs/add-or-remove-page-restrictions/

Change who can find content and what they can do with it | Confluence Cloud | Atlassian Support
Skip to main content
Confluence Support
Products
Documentation
Resources
Contact us
Sign in
Sign in
Confluence Cloud
Documentation
Considering Confluence Cloud?
Confluence Cloud functionality and features
What is Confluence Cloud?
Learn about the features of Confluence Cloud plans
Confluence Standard
See how teams use Confluence Cloud
Use Confluence for technical documentation
Use Confluence for software teams
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Navigate around Confluence
What is the new navigation in Confluence?
Use For you to jump into work and see what's happening
Confluence navigation
View written content
Use spaces to organize your work
What is a space?
Create a space
Customize your personal space
Navigate spaces
Organize your space
Find content in a space
Customize your space's overview
Use labels to categorize spaces
Delete or disable a template
Find content in Confluence Cloud
Search for content
Search for people and teams
Confluence search syntax
Discover relevant content with related content
Use Atlassian Intelligence to search for answers
Create and edit content
Draft, publish, and update a page
Create and collaborate in real time with live docs
Format a page, live doc, or blog post with a template
Format your content
Format text
Create and manage layouts
Use symbols, emojis, and special characters
Keyboard shortcuts and autocomplete
Available markdown commands
Simplify data with tables
Charts and connected data
Work with images, videos, and files
Use Atlassian Intelligence to help write or edit content
Bring all your work into Confluence
Insert links and anchors
Get started with Smart Links in the content tree
What data is sent and received when pasting a Smart Link?
Insert and manage links on your pages and live docs
Add elements to a page or live doc
Transfer ownership of your content item
Add a status to your content
Make your content and its title more memorable
Import external documents
Classify content
How redaction works
Learn about the Atlassian cloud editor
Convert pages to the cloud editor
Keep content organized
Take quick action from the content title
Use labels to organize content and attachments
Move, copy, and hide content items
Archive content items
Restore archived items to the content tree
Delete, restore, or purge a content item
Save a page, live doc, or other content item for later
Use folders to organize your work
Upload and manage files
Upload a file
Display files and images
Manage uploaded files
Share and comment on files
Present your content with Presenter mode
Atlassian Intelligence features in Confluence Cloud
Search for answers using Atlassian Intelligence
Write or edit content using Atlassian Intelligence
Define terms using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Atlassian Intelligence with Confluence automation
Learn about pre-defined prompts in Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a page, live doc, or blog using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize comments using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize changes with Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a whiteboard using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Rovo to listen to audio briefings of Confluence content
Use Loom in Confluence Cloud
Create and edit whiteboards
Getting started with Confluence whiteboards
Create a new whiteboard
Navigation tools in whiteboards
Organize and explore ideas with sticky notes
Use shapes to visualize ideas
Add and edit text on whiteboards
Build flows and diagrams with flows and connectors
Inserting links to your whiteboard
Use sections to organize your work
Add and edit images on whiteboards
Add the feels with stamps and stickers
Use a template to get started fast
Keep on track with the timer
Hide collaborator cursors
Integrate whiteboards into your Atlassian workflow
Link Jira issues from your whiteboard
Take bulk Jira actions with smart sections
Set your whiteboard preferences
Import Figjam boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Miro boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Mural boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Jamboard whiteboards in Confluence whiteboards
Export your whiteboard
Collaboration limits on whiteboards
What Confluence whiteboards don't support
Whiteboards impact on third-party apps
Understand Confluence whiteboards plans and features
Browser support and settings for whiteboards
Atlassian Intelligence in Confluence whiteboards
Draw freeform lines with pen
Private mode in whiteboards
Voting in whiteboards
Whiteboard history
Create and edit databases
Get started with Confluence databases
Database tour
Create a database
Database fields
Share databases, entries, or values
Database views
Layouts and options
Filter your data
Sort fields
Hide fields in your database
Import data into your database
Export your database data
Duplicate a database setup
Lock your database structure
What Confluence databases don't support
Database impact on third-party apps
Export content from Confluence Cloud
Wide tables may be cut off in PDF export
Cases where PDF Export may revert to using legacy exporter
Get to know the new and simplified content layout
How to use the new toolbar and insert elements
Import data from other tools into Confluence
FAQ import data from HTML to Confluence
FAQ import data from Notion to Confluence
Import data from HTML to Confluence
Import data from Notion into Confluence
Import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from HTML to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from Notion to Confluence
Troubleshooting import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Review macros only available in the legacy editor
Insert the cheese macro
Insert the column macro
Insert the content by user macro
Insert the create space button macro
Insert the favorite pages macro
Insert the global reports macro
Insert the info, tip, note, and warning macros
Insert the JUnit report macro
Insert the noformat macro
Insert the panel macro
Insert the recently used labels macro
Insert the search results macro
Insert the section macro
Insert the space attachments macro
Insert the space details macro
Insert the status macro
Insert the code block macro
Insert the gallery macro
Insert the Google Drive macro
Insert the lorem ipsum macro
Insert the multimedia macro
Insert the navigation map macro
Insert the network macro
Insert the PDF macro
The Confluence legacy editor
FAQ: Understanding legacy editor deprecation
Convert legacy editor pages
Differences using Confluence legacy editor and cloud editor
The legacy content macro
Collaborate on content and get notified in Confluence Cloud
Collaborate on content
Create a network of users
Add a reaction to any content
Mention a person or team
Share Confluence content
Comment on pages, live docs, whiteboards, and blog posts
Watch pages, live docs, spaces, whiteboards, and blogs
Add people to Confluence from Google, Slack, or Microsoft
What can guests see and do in Confluence?
Share content externally with public links
Get notified about content and activity
View your notifications
Subscribe to email updates
What is a Confluence RSS feed?
Build an RSS feed
Subscribe to pre-specified RSS feeds
Subscribe to a network RSS feed
Celebrate your work with Confluence Recap
View Confluence analytics to see how content is performing
View insights on your site
View insights on spaces
Content insights and analytics
Turn on privacy mode for analytics data
Manage your account and permissions in Confluence Cloud
Manage your account
Edit your profile
Edit your user settings
Change your Confluence password
Manage OAuth access tokens
Delete your account
Change your theme
Set your email visibility
Manage permissions at the content level
Change who can find content and what they can do with it
Confluence permissions structure
Troubleshoot access problems to content
What is a Confluence group?
Extend the functionality of Confluence Cloud
Use Team Calendars for Confluence (Premium feature)
Subscribe to Team Calendars from third-party calendars
Getting started with team calendars
Add events
Add Jira events
See standard event types
Add and delete custom event types
Add reminders to events
Embed calendars on Confluence content
Watch a calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Thunderbird
Subscribe to Google Calendars from Confluence
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Microsoft Outlook
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple iOS Calendar
Export to other calendars
Set system properties
Team Calendars FAQs
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar (Android)
Use Company Hub to deliver key information to employees
Create and customize a Company Hub
Manage your Company Hub
Set up a menu of important links on Company Hub
Use sections to enhance and highlight your Company Hub content
Highlight important messages with a visual spotlight
Add a rotating set of frames to your Company Hub
Use cards to add beautiful dynamic content to Company Hub
Use Confluence with other applications
Use Slack and Confluence together
Use Jira and Confluence together
Use Trello and Confluence together
Use Microsoft Teams and Confluence together
Use macros to show Confluence content on pages and live docs
What are macros?
Learn which macros are being removed
Insert the attachments macro
Insert the blog posts macro
Insert the change history macro
Insert the child items macro
Insert the filter by label macro
Insert the content report table macro
Insert the contributors macro
Insert the contributors summary macro
Insert the create from template macro
Insert the decision report macro
Insert the excerpt macro
Add excerpts to a page or live doc with the insert excerpt macro
Insert the include content macro
Insert the labels list macro
Insert the popular labels macro
Insert the profile picture macro
Insert the recent updates macro
Insert the recently updated dashboard macro
Insert the related labels macro
Insert the spaces list macro
Insert the task report macro
Insert the user profile macro
Legacy editor content in the cloud editor
Use macros to add development info on Confluence pages
Display Jira work items in a list
Insert the Jira chart macro
Insert the Jira timeline macro
Display your Assets data on a Confluence page
Use macros to include media on Confluence pages
Insert Microsoft Office macros
Insert the widget connector macro
Use macros to add navigation on Confluence pages
Insert the anchor link macro
Insert the Live Search macro
Insert the Page Index macro
Insert the content tree macro
Insert the page tree search macro
Insert the table of contents macro
Insert the table of content zone macro
Use macros to add reporting info to Confluence pages
Insert the content properties macro
Insert the content properties report macro
Insert the user list macro
Use macros to add visuals and images to Confluence pages
Insert the chart macro
Insert the iFrame macro
Insert the roadmap planner macro
Add a trio of dynamic frames to your content with Carousel
Display beautiful, dynamic content on your page or live doc with Cards
Insert the expand macro
Use gadgets to add dynamic content
Add the activity stream gadget
Use Questions for Confluence
Install Questions for Confluence
Ask a question
Watch and edit topics
What are votes and experts?
Admin settings for Questions for Confluence
Use automation for Confluence
Learn about macros on Confluence mobile
Space administration
Set space-specific functionality
Additional PDF export settings
Advanced PDF export customizations
Set a default classification level for content
Manage permissions at the space level
What are space permissions?
Copy space permissions
Assign space permissions
Make a space public with anonymous access
Assign Questions for Confluence permissions
Manage content in a space
Clean up a space with the content manager
Transfer content item ownership from one user to another
Manage page watchers
Export a space's content as Word, PDF, or data files
Remove a space
Archive a space
Delete a space
Create templates, blueprints, and reports
Create a template
Edit a template
Promote a template
Create a custom report
Manage team calendars
Delete or remove a calendar
Restrict a calendar
Manage Questions for Confluence
Get started with Questions for Confluence
Administer questions
Integrate questions with your spaces
Customize your space
Apply a theme to a space
Change the space name and logo
Edit features for a space
Confluence administration
Get started as Confluence Cloud administrator
Set Confluence-wide functionality
Control whether spaces can allow public links
Control whether spaces can turn on anonymous access
Change the landing page
Change the Confluence Home welcome message
Create a custom space overview template
Turn off page reactions
Customize layout for PDF exports in Confluence Cloud
Convert legacy editor pages in all spaces
Configure live docs in Confluence
Monitor and manage activity in Confluence Cloud
Act on insights from mission control
Download a spaces report
View the audit log
Premium admin tools for Confluence Cloud
Post Confluence-wide announcements in a banner
Inspect a user's permissions
Bypass page restrictions with admin key
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Manage global permissions
Assign space access to guests
Manage public links across Confluence Cloud
How secure are public links?
Give access to unlicensed users from Jira Service Management
Manage analytics permissions in Confluence administration
Control which groups can use analytics
Manage Confluence page and doc templates
Create a global page template
Edit a global page or doc template
Install a global blueprint
Manage global page templates, doc templates, and blueprints
Configuration settings in Confluence Cloud
Change the site title
Configure the administrator contact page
Choose a default language
Configure the indexing language
Configure time and date formats
Configure number formats
Configure attachment size
Configure shortcut links
Install a custom language font for PDF exports
Confluence wiki markup syntax for the legacy editor
Customize the email domain sending Confluence emails
Security settings in Confluence Cloud
Hide external links from search engines
Disable anonymous access to remote API
Turn on Captcha for spam prevention or failed logins
Look and feel settings in Confluence Cloud
Install a theme
Set the default theme
Customize the navigation colors
Change your site and space logos
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Import a Confluence Cloud space
Export a data backup file of your instance
Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites
Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center
Atlassian Marketplace apps
Manage your apps
Status page: Live docs + Marketplace apps
Confluence automation administration
Confluence automation
Confluence automation usage
Atlassian administration for Confluence Cloud
Actions that require an organization or site admin
Manage your storage usage
Invite guests to Confluence
Removing users and downgrading to Confluence Free
Adjust permissions before downgrading to Confluence Free
What happens when an account is deactivated vs. deleted?
Atlassian Support
Confluence
Resources
Manage your account and permissions in Confluence Cloud
Manage permissions at the content level
Cloud
Data Center
Change who can find content and what they can do with it
Even in a shared space, you may have content that you're not ready to share with everyone yet. Or perhaps you have some confidential content that's only meant for a few eyes. Whatever the reason, Confluence lets you set view and edit restrictions at the content level so you can keep your content as open or as closed as you need.
You can’t restrict access to content on the
free plan
.
Who has access to your content?
The first step to changing who can access your content is understanding who currently has access to it.
Confluence’s core tenet is about getting the right knowledge to the right people in your organization. To support this, Confluence’s permissions are open by default, which means that the content wants to be available to everyone unless otherwise noted.
The fundamental piece of this open-by-default model is represented by
General access
. This refers to the general audience for the content item — everyone who has at least view access to the space a content item lives in, or, if a parent item is restricted, everyone who has at least view access to the parent item.
Who is “Anyone in this space”?
To check who currently has access to the space:
Open the
Share
window.
Find
General access
.
Select
this space
in the line “Anyone in
this space
”
If the content item is restricted by a parent, then you can check who has access to the parent item by selecting
this parent
in the line “Anyone on
this parent
”
To learn more about space access, see
Assign space permissions
.
Change general access
You can set general access to 3 states of permissions:
Open
> Anyone can edit
Open
> Anyone can view
Restricted
> Only specific people can view or edit
What each general access state means
Open > Anyone in this space can edit
No restrictions. Consume whatever the space’s access settings are.
For example, anyone who has permission at the space level to edit content can edit this content; however if someone lacks space-level permission to edit content, then that person won’t be able to edit this content, even though this content’s access is set to Open > Anyone can edit.
Open > Anyone in this space can view
All editing is restricted to specific people. Even if people have permission at the space level to edit content, they can’t edit this content unless they’re explicitly listed with
Can edit
in
Specific access
(individually or as a member of a group).
Restricted > Only specific people can view or edit
Even if people have permission at the space level to view and edit content, they can't view or edit this content unless they’re explicitly listed in
Specific access
(individually or as a member of a group).
Restricted by a parent > Anyone on the parent can edit
No
direct
restrictions; restrictions are inherited from a parent item. So consume whatever the parent content’s
view
access settings are. Anyone who has permission to view the parent content can view this content.
Note:
Edit permission is not inherited from content to content. Even if people don’t have edit permission on the parent content, they are
not
prevented from editing this content.
Restricted by a parent > Anyone on the parent can view
Anyone who can view the parent items can only view this page — unless they’re explicitly listed on this page as having permission to edit (individually or as a member of a group).
Restricted > Only specific people can view or edit
(“Restricted by a parent” scenario)
Even if people have permission to view and edit the parent content, they can’t view or edit this content unless they’re explicitly listed in
Specific access
(individually or as a member of a group).
Learn why someone can't edit
, even if the
General access
setting suggests that they can.
How inherited restrictions work
If someone can’t view a parent content item, they won’t be able to view any child content items under it. In this sense, a view restriction has been added to the parent item that inherits down to all content items nested under it, without exception.
Editing doesn’t work this way.
Even if someone is restricted from editing a parent item, they won’t automatically be restricted from editing the child content.
However
, if someone is restricted from editing at the space level, they
will
be restricted from editing any and all content in that space.
How restricted are restrictions?
If your content has view restrictions, it won't display for anyone who doesn't have permission to view it, neither in the content tree nor any macros.
Unless someone else has specifically been given a link to your content, they won't know it exists.
Exceptions:
If someone has shared a link to a restricted content item or provided a link to it on another content item that
can
be viewed, the link will have the title of the content item as part of the URL. However, they won't be able to tell anything else about the content, including who created it, who has permission, or when it was updated.
Organization admins on the Premium and Enterprise plans can view and change access to any content in Confluence with
admin key
.
Give someone specific access
To list a person or group with specific access, you’ll need to add a restriction to the general access of the content item, then add individuals or groups. (Teams are not supported in the unified sharing experience yet.)
For example, in an “Open” state, you can change the permission for anyone in the space from “Can edit” to “Can view”. This will restrict who can edit the content item. In this state, you can then use the search bar to add people or groups to
Specific access
with “Can edit” permission.
This is useful for content that should be distributed widely but only edited by a small team.
Or you can set
General access
to “Restricted”. In this state, you can add people or groups to
Specific access
freely with “Can edit” or “Can view” permissions.
When anyone can edit, no one can have specific access
Individual people and groups only appear in the list with specific access when they have
greater access
than the
General access
setting.
For example, if
General access
is set to Open > Anyone can view, anyone with
Can edit
will have greater access than the general access and therefore are notable to list in specific access.
However, if
General access
is already set to Open > Anyone can view and edit, then there’s no greater access possible. Therefore, there is no relevant specific access to note.
If you’re having trouble getting people the right access, see
Troubleshoot access problems to content
.
Remove someone’s specific access
Open
Share
on the desired content item.
Find the person or group whose access you want to remove.
Open their dropdown
.
Select
Remove
.
Make content private to only you
If the content is in an Open > Can edit state, set
General access
to “Restricted” and select
Save
. This will remove access for everyone but you.
If the content is already in a “Restricted state”, you can quickly clear the board and make the content private by selecting
Remove all
.
If the content is in an Open > Can view state with multiple editors, set
General access
to Restricted and then select
Remove all
to remove everyone but yourself.
Basically, if no one but you is listed in
Specific access
while
General access
is set to “Restricted”, then the content is private to you. If
General access
is set to Open or if other people are listed in
Specific access
, then the content is not private to you.
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
It wasn't accurate
It wasn't clear
It wasn't relevant
Provide feedback about this article
Still need help?
The Atlassian Community is here for you.
Ask the Community
Manage permissions at the content level
Change who can find content and what they can do with it
Confluence permissions structure
Troubleshoot access problems to content
What is a Confluence group?
On this page
Who has access to your content?
Who is “Anyone in this space”?
Change general access
What each general access state means
How inherited restrictions work
How restricted are restrictions?
Give someone specific access
Remove someone’s specific access
Make content private to only you
Community
Questions, discussions, and articles
Accessibility
Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security
2025
Atlassian