URL: https://support.atlassian.com/confluence-cloud/docs/assign-space-permissions/

Assign space permissions | Confluence Cloud | Atlassian Support
Skip to main content
Confluence Support
Products
Documentation
Resources
Contact us
Sign in
Sign in
Confluence Cloud
Documentation
Considering Confluence Cloud?
Confluence Cloud functionality and features
What is Confluence Cloud?
Learn about the features of Confluence Cloud plans
Confluence Standard
See how teams use Confluence Cloud
Use Confluence for technical documentation
Use Confluence for software teams
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Navigate around Confluence
What is the new navigation in Confluence?
Use For you to jump into work and see what's happening
Confluence navigation
View written content
Use spaces to organize your work
What is a space?
Create a space
Customize your personal space
Navigate spaces
Organize your space
Find content in a space
Customize your space's overview
Use labels to categorize spaces
Delete or disable a template
Find content in Confluence Cloud
Search for content
Search for people and teams
Confluence search syntax
Discover relevant content with related content
Use Atlassian Intelligence to search for answers
Create and edit content
Draft, publish, and update a page
Create and collaborate in real time with live docs
Format a page, live doc, or blog post with a template
Format your content
Format text
Create and manage layouts
Use symbols, emojis, and special characters
Keyboard shortcuts and autocomplete
Available markdown commands
Simplify data with tables
Charts and connected data
Work with images, videos, and files
Use Atlassian Intelligence to help write or edit content
Bring all your work into Confluence
Insert links and anchors
Get started with Smart Links in the content tree
What data is sent and received when pasting a Smart Link?
Insert and manage links on your pages and live docs
Add elements to a page or live doc
Transfer ownership of your content item
Add a status to your content
Make your content and its title more memorable
Import external documents
Classify content
How redaction works
Learn about the Atlassian cloud editor
Convert pages to the cloud editor
Keep content organized
Take quick action from the content title
Use labels to organize content and attachments
Move, copy, and hide content items
Archive content items
Restore archived items to the content tree
Delete, restore, or purge a content item
Save a page, live doc, or other content item for later
Use folders to organize your work
Upload and manage files
Upload a file
Display files and images
Manage uploaded files
Share and comment on files
Present your content with Presenter mode
Atlassian Intelligence features in Confluence Cloud
Search for answers using Atlassian Intelligence
Write or edit content using Atlassian Intelligence
Define terms using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Atlassian Intelligence with Confluence automation
Learn about pre-defined prompts in Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a page, live doc, or blog using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize comments using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize changes with Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a whiteboard using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Rovo to listen to audio briefings of Confluence content
Use Loom in Confluence Cloud
Create and edit whiteboards
Getting started with Confluence whiteboards
Create a new whiteboard
Navigation tools in whiteboards
Organize and explore ideas with sticky notes
Use shapes to visualize ideas
Add and edit text on whiteboards
Build flows and diagrams with flows and connectors
Inserting links to your whiteboard
Use sections to organize your work
Add and edit images on whiteboards
Add the feels with stamps and stickers
Use a template to get started fast
Keep on track with the timer
Hide collaborator cursors
Integrate whiteboards into your Atlassian workflow
Link Jira issues from your whiteboard
Take bulk Jira actions with smart sections
Set your whiteboard preferences
Import Figjam boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Miro boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Mural boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Jamboard whiteboards in Confluence whiteboards
Export your whiteboard
Collaboration limits on whiteboards
What Confluence whiteboards don't support
Whiteboards impact on third-party apps
Understand Confluence whiteboards plans and features
Browser support and settings for whiteboards
Atlassian Intelligence in Confluence whiteboards
Draw freeform lines with pen
Private mode in whiteboards
Voting in whiteboards
Whiteboard version history
Create and edit databases
Get started with Confluence databases
Database tour
Create a database
Database fields
Share databases, entries, or values
Database views
Layouts and options
Filter your data
Sort fields
Hide fields in your database
Import data into your database
Export your database data
Duplicate a database setup
Lock your database structure
What Confluence databases don't support
Database impact on third-party apps
Database version history
Perform simple calculations on your data
Export content from Confluence Cloud
Wide tables may be cut off in PDF export
Cases where PDF Export may revert to using legacy exporter
Get to know the new and simplified content layout
How to use the new toolbar and insert elements
Import data from other tools into Confluence
FAQ import data from HTML to Confluence
FAQ import data from Notion to Confluence
Import data from HTML to Confluence
Import data from Notion into Confluence
Import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from HTML to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from Notion to Confluence
Troubleshooting import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Review macros only available in the legacy editor
Insert the cheese macro
Insert the column macro
Insert the content by user macro
Insert the create space button macro
Insert the favorite pages macro
Insert the global reports macro
Insert the info, tip, note, and warning macros
Insert the JUnit report macro
Insert the noformat macro
Insert the panel macro
Insert the recently used labels macro
Insert the search results macro
Insert the section macro
Insert the space attachments macro
Insert the space details macro
Insert the status macro
Insert the code block macro
Insert the gallery macro
Insert the Google Drive macro
Insert the lorem ipsum macro
Insert the multimedia macro
Insert the navigation map macro
Insert the network macro
Insert the PDF macro
The Confluence legacy editor
FAQ: Understanding legacy editor deprecation
Convert legacy editor pages
Differences using Confluence legacy editor and cloud editor
The legacy content macro
Collaborate on content and get notified in Confluence Cloud
Collaborate on content
Create a network of users
Add a reaction to any content
Mention a person or team
Share Confluence content
Comment on pages, live docs, whiteboards, and blog posts
Watch pages, live docs, spaces, whiteboards, and blogs
Add people to Confluence from Google, Slack, or Microsoft
What can guests see and do in Confluence?
Share content externally with public links
Get notified about content and activity
View your notifications
Subscribe to email updates
What is a Confluence RSS feed?
Build an RSS feed
Subscribe to pre-specified RSS feeds
Subscribe to a network RSS feed
Celebrate your work with Confluence Recap
View Confluence analytics to see how content is performing
View insights on your site
View insights on spaces
Content insights and analytics
Turn on privacy mode for analytics data
Manage your account and permissions in Confluence Cloud
Manage your account
Edit your profile
Edit your user settings
Change your Confluence password
Manage OAuth access tokens
Delete your account
Change your theme
Set your email visibility
Manage permissions at the content level
Change who can find content and what they can do with it
Confluence permissions structure
Troubleshoot access problems to content
What is a Confluence group?
Extend the functionality of Confluence Cloud
Use Team Calendars for Confluence (Premium feature)
Subscribe to Team Calendars from third-party calendars
Getting started with team calendars
Add events
Add Jira events
See standard event types
Add and delete custom event types
Add reminders to events
Embed calendars on Confluence content
Watch a calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Thunderbird
Subscribe to Google Calendars from Confluence
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Microsoft Outlook
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple iOS Calendar
Export to other calendars
Set system properties
Team Calendars FAQs
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar (Android)
Use Company Hub to deliver key information to employees
Create and customize a Company Hub
Manage your Company Hub
Set up a menu of important links on Company Hub
Use sections to enhance and highlight your Company Hub content
Highlight important messages with a visual spotlight
Add a rotating set of frames to your Company Hub
Use cards to add beautiful dynamic content to Company Hub
Curate search results in Company Hub
Use Confluence with other applications
Use Slack and Confluence together
Use Jira and Confluence together
Use Trello and Confluence together
Use Microsoft Teams and Confluence together
Use macros to show Confluence content on pages and live docs
What are macros?
Learn which macros are being removed
Insert the attachments macro
Insert the blog posts macro
Insert the change history macro
Insert the child items macro
Insert the filter by label macro
Insert the content report table macro
Insert the contributors macro
Insert the contributors summary macro
Insert the create from template macro
Insert the decision report macro
Insert the excerpt macro
Add excerpts to a page or live doc with the insert excerpt macro
Insert the include content macro
Insert the labels list macro
Insert the popular labels macro
Insert the profile picture macro
Insert the recent updates macro
Insert the recently updated dashboard macro
Insert the related labels macro
Insert the spaces list macro
Insert the task report macro
Insert the user profile macro
Legacy editor content in the cloud editor
Use macros to add development info on Confluence pages
Display Jira work items in a list
Insert the Jira chart macro
Insert the Jira timeline macro
Display your Assets data on a Confluence page
Use macros to include media on Confluence pages
Insert Microsoft Office macros
Insert the widget connector macro
Use macros to add navigation on Confluence pages
Insert the anchor link macro
Insert the Live Search macro
Insert the Page Index macro
Insert the content tree macro
Insert the page tree search macro
Insert the table of contents macro
Insert the table of content zone macro
Use macros to add reporting info to Confluence pages
Insert the content properties macro
Insert the content properties report macro
Insert the user list macro
Use macros to add visuals and images to Confluence pages
Insert the chart macro
Insert the iFrame macro
Insert the roadmap planner macro
Add a trio of dynamic frames to your content with Carousel
Display beautiful, dynamic content on your page or live doc with Cards
Insert the expand macro
Use gadgets to add dynamic content
Add the activity stream gadget
Use Questions for Confluence
Install Questions for Confluence
Ask a question
Watch and edit topics
What are votes and experts?
Admin settings for Questions for Confluence
Use automation for Confluence
Learn about macros on Confluence mobile
Space administration
Set space-specific functionality
Additional PDF export settings
Advanced PDF export customizations
Set a default classification level for content
Manage permissions at the space level
What are space permissions?
Copy space permissions
Assign space permissions
Make a space public with anonymous access
Assign Questions for Confluence permissions
Manage content in a space
Clean up a space with the content manager
Transfer content item ownership from one user to another
Manage page watchers
Export a space's content as Word, PDF, or data files
Remove a space
Archive a space
Delete a space
Create templates, blueprints, and reports
Create a template
Edit a template
Promote a template
Create a custom report
Manage team calendars
Delete or remove a calendar
Restrict a calendar
Manage Questions for Confluence
Get started with Questions for Confluence
Administer questions
Integrate questions with your spaces
Customize your space
Apply a theme to a space
Change the space name and logo
Edit features for a space
Confluence administration
Get started as Confluence Cloud administrator
Set Confluence-wide functionality
Control whether spaces can allow public links
Control whether spaces can turn on anonymous access
Change the landing page
Change the Confluence Home welcome message
Create a custom space overview template
Turn off page reactions
Customize layout for PDF exports in Confluence Cloud
Convert legacy editor pages in all spaces
Configure live docs in Confluence
Monitor and manage activity in Confluence Cloud
Act on insights from mission control
Download a spaces report
View the audit log
Premium admin tools for Confluence Cloud
Post Confluence-wide announcements in a banner
Inspect a user's permissions
Bypass page restrictions with admin key
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Manage global permissions
Assign space access to guests
Manage public links across Confluence Cloud
How secure are public links?
Give access to unlicensed users from Jira Service Management
Manage analytics permissions in Confluence administration
Control which groups can use analytics
Manage Confluence content templates
Create a global content template
Edit a global content template
Install a global blueprint
Manage global content templates and blueprints
Configuration settings in Confluence Cloud
Change the site title
Configure the administrator contact page
Choose a default language
Configure the indexing language
Configure time and date formats
Configure number formats
Configure attachment size
Configure shortcut links
Install a custom language font for PDF exports
Confluence wiki markup syntax for the legacy editor
Customize the email domain sending Confluence emails
Security settings in Confluence Cloud
Hide external links from search engines
Disable anonymous access to remote API
Turn on Captcha for spam prevention or failed logins
Look and feel settings in Confluence Cloud
Install a theme
Set the default theme
Customize the navigation colors
Change your site and space logos
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Import a Confluence Cloud space
Export a data backup file of your instance
Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites
Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center
Atlassian Marketplace apps
Manage your apps
Status page: Live docs + Marketplace apps
Confluence automation administration
Confluence automation
Confluence automation usage
Atlassian administration for Confluence Cloud
Actions that require an organization or site admin
Manage your storage usage
Invite guests to Confluence
Removing users and downgrading to Confluence Free
Adjust permissions before downgrading to Confluence Free
What happens when an account is deactivated vs. deleted?
Atlassian Support
Confluence
Resources
Space administration
Manage permissions at the space level
Cloud
Data Center
Assign space permissions
If you’re a space admin for a space, you can assign or revoke a number of permissions for that space, such as who can see content in the space, and what they can do with it. Space permissions can be assigned or revoked for both individual users and
groups
.
Whatever you choose to assign or revoke is applied broadly to all content in the space. Finer controls can be applied
at the page level
.
You are the space admin for your own personal space, by default.
Space permissions aren’t customizable on the
Free plan
.
Tip: Manage space permissions using groups instead of individual people
Confluence groups let you manage space permissions quickly and at scale.
For example, let's say you want to change space permissions for 10 people. If they were all added individually, then you have to make 10 changes, the same change for each individual. But if those 10 people were added as a single Confluence group, then you only have to make one change.
That said, if you're not also an organization, user access, or site admin, then you won't have direct control over the makeup of the groups and will have to rely on other administrators to create and edit groups. If that's a bit of an unwieldy or unreliable process, then it might not make sense to use groups. But, in general, using groups should make your life as a space admin a lot easier.
To change space permissions for people:
Go to the space in Confluence Cloud.
Next to your space's name in the sidebar, select
More actions
(•••), then
Space settings
.
Select
Space access
and
the submenu relevant to whose permissions you want to change:
Users
to add or remove individual people, or change their permissions
Groups
to add or remove groups, or change a group’s permissions
Guests
to add or remove guests, or change their permissions
Anonymous access
to allow or block anonymous users from accessing your space, or to change what permissions they have in the space
Select
Edit
.
Find the row for the user, group, or guest and check or uncheck boxes for the available permissions.
Uncheck the
View
permission to remove all space access.
Or use the search bar to find and add a user or group.
Select
Save.
Additive permissions
Keep in mind, permissions in Confluence are additive.
If someone is a member of multiple groups in your space (A, B, C, etc.), what they're able to see and do is the sum of the permissions granted to Group A + Group B + Group C, and so on, plus whether they're listed in the Individual Users section.
Which is to say, to truly revoke a permission for someone, it needs to be revoked for them everywhere in the space.
For example, consider the following:
Group A (can view in space)
User A (cannot view in space)
If User A is a member of Group A, then they still have permission to view because the sum of permissions between User A + Group A = "can view".
To prevent User A from viewing content in your space, you'd have to either revoke permission to view in your space from Group A, too, or ask an organization, user access, or site admin to remove User A from Group A.
There's no way to change permissions for multiple spaces at once. However, if you’re a Confluence admin or a site admin, you can set default space permissions, which will apply to all new spaces.
Add people to your space
To add groups or individuals to your space:
Go to the space in Confluence Cloud.
Next to your space's name in the sidebar, select
More actions
(•••), then
Space settings
.
Select
Users
or
Groups
in the
Space access
menu.
Note: The
Space access
menu in
Space settings
is only visible if you're a space admin in that space.
Select
Edit
.
Use the search bar to find groups or individual users to add to your space.
You can add multiple groups or users at a time.
When you’re ready, select
Add
to add them to the list.
Check or uncheck to give them the desired permissions.
Tip: Instead of going one by one, you can bulk select all permissions by checking the box to
Select all
.
Select
Save.
If you have a long list, you may need to scroll up to find the Save button.
To remove a user or group from your space:
Find the row in the list for the user or group you want to remove.
Make sure no boxes are checked for that user or group.
Tip: Instead of going one by one, you can bulk deselect all permissions by unchecking the
Select all
box.
Select
Save
to apply changes.
Note: This will remove all entries that have no boxes checked.
Override all permissions on a space
A quick way to make a global change to space permissions is to override all of its permissions. You have two ways to override all permissions:
Default permissions
: Choosing this will reset space permissions to the
default set for all spaces
, dictated by your Confluence admin.
Copy permissions from another space
: (
Only available on the Premium plan)
Copy the space permissions setup from another space. You can only copy permissions from spaces in which you're a space admin.
You can't undo an override action.
Copy permissions from another space
Only available on the Premium plan.
You can quickly change a space’s permissions by copying the space permissions configuration from another space, as long as you’re the space admin in that other space.
You can find how to copy space permissions on
Copy space permissions
.
Assigning permissions for anonymous access
Anonymous access, for all intents and purposes, means
public access
. It's a feature that is
disabled by default
, and must first be turned on for the whole instance by a Confluence admin or a site admin.
Learn more about anonymous access
Once anonymous access is enabled, you'll be able to change the permissions for anonymous users.
Recover space permissions
Confluence and site admins are always able to access permissions for any spaces in their Confluence instance. If a space is ever without a space admin — for example, if the only space admin for a space left the organization — a Confluence or site admin can always recover control over space permissions by becoming a space admin. This can be done temporarily, long enough to assign another person as admin of the space.
To recover space permissions:
Select the wheel icon (
) in the top-right corner to open Confluence administration.
Find
Settings
>
Security
in the left-hand navigation.
Select
Space permissions
.
Locate the space in the
Individual Spaces
list and select
Recover Permissions.
(If you're already an admin in the space, you'll see
Manage Permissions.
)
Selecting
Recover Permissions
will be recorded in the
Confluence audit log
.
What the individual space permissions do
ALL
View
Controls who can view content in your space
If the view permission is granted to the user or group, they can view all content in your space (except when they're restricted from doing so on individual content items).
If the view permission is revoked for the user or group, they won't be able to view any content in the space. They won't be able to find the space or any of its content, either in search results or by browsing spaces in the instance.
Delete own
Controls who can delete their own content in your space
If the delete own permission is granted to the user or group, they can delete any content they currently own. This includes pages, live docs, blogs, and attachments. They won't be able to delete content owned by anyone else.
Creators can’t delete content they created unless they’re still the owner.
To allow people to delete any content owned by someone else, make sure they're granted the
Delete
permission under
Content.
If the delete own permission is revoked for the user or group and no other content
Delete
permissions are granted, then they won't be able to delete any content they own in the space.
Note: Revoking the
Delete own
permission does not affect users' ability to delete their own comments.
PAGES
Add
Controls who can create and edit content in your space
If the add content permission is granted to the user or group, they can create content in your space. They can also edit any content in your space, except when restricted from doing so on individual items.
If the add content permission is revoked for the user or group, they can neither create nor edit any pages or live docs in your space.
Archive
Controls who can
archive content
in your space
If the archive content permission is granted to the user or group, they can archive any page or live doc in your space. They can also restore any pages or live docs to the content tree from the archived pages list.
They can't archive or restore any content that they don't have permission to view.
Everyone with access to your space can inherently archive any content they themselves created.
If the archive content permission is revoked for the user or group, they will only be able to archive content they themselves created.
Delete
Controls who can delete content in your space
If the delete content permission is granted to the user or group, they can delete any given content in your space.
They can't delete any content that they don't have permission to view.
If the delete content permission is revoked for the user or group, they can't delete any given content in your space.
If the
Delete Own
permission is assigned, then they can only delete content they themselves created. If the delete own permission also isn't granted, then they can't delete any content in your space, period.
BLOG
Add
Controls who can create blogs in your space
If the add blog permission is granted to the user or group, they can create blogs in your space. They can also edit any blogs in your space, unless restricted from doing so on individual blogs.
If the add blog permission is revoked for the user or group, they can neither create nor edit blogs in your space.
Delete
Controls who can delete blogs in your space
If the delete blog permission is granted to the user or group, they can delete any given blog in your space.
They can't delete any blog that they don't have permission to view.
If the delete blog permission is revoked for the user or group, they can't delete any given blog in your space.
If the
Delete Own
permission is granted, then they can only delete blogs they themselves created, or that they currently own. If the delete own permission isn't granted, though, then they can't delete any blogs in your space, period.
COMMENTS
Add
Controls who can leave comments in your space
If the add comment permission is granted to the user or group, they can leave comments (both general and inline) on any pages (and live docs and blogs) in your space that they have permission to view.
This also means they can delete their own comments.
Only the author of a comment can edit it.
If the add comment permission is revoked for the user or group, they can't leave comments anywhere in your space.
Delete
Controls who can delete comments in your space
If the delete comment permission is granted to the user or group, they can delete any given comment in your space, not just their own.
They can't delete comments on any page, live doc, or blog that they don't have permission to view.
If the delete blog permission is revoked for the user or group, they can't delete any given comment left by anyone in your space.
ATTACHMENTS
Add
Controls who can upload attachments to pages and live docs in your space
If the add attachment permission is granted to the user or group, they can upload attachments anywhere in your space.
Attachments can only be added in edit mode, so they must have permission to edit the page before they can upload anything to it. This means to successfully upload attachments to a page, they must first have the
Add content
permission in the space and not be restricted from editing on the page itself.
If the add attachment permission is revoked for the user or group, they can't upload attachments anywhere in your space.
Delete
Controls who can delete attachments in your space
If the delete attachment permission is granted to the user or group, they can delete any given attachment in your space, not just their own.
They can't delete attachments on pages that they don't have permission to view.
If the delete attachment permission is revoked for the user or group, they can't delete any given attachment in your space.
If the
Delete Own
permission is granted, then they can only delete attachments they themselves created. If the delete own permission isn't granted, though, then they can't delete any attachments in your space, period.
RESTRICTIONS
Add/Delete
Controls who can edit restrictions on individual content items in your space
If the add/delete restrictions permission is granted to the user or group, they can edit the restrictions on any given content item in your space, not just their own.
Learn more about what restrictions they can edit
.
They can't edit restrictions on content items that they don't have permission to view.
They still need permission to edit a content item to change access to it. If they can only view a content item, they can’t change its access.
Space admins always have this permission, regardless if it is granted or revoked. It's included in the Space Admin permission.
If the add/delete restrictions permission is revoked for the user or group, they can't edit restrictions on any given content item in your space.
If the
Add
permission under
Content
is granted, then they can still edit the restrictions on any content they own.
SPACE
Export
Controls who can
export your space
If the export space permission is granted to the user or group, they can export the whole space, including each comment and attachment.
This includes pages or live docs they don't have permission to view.
Blogs are not included in space export.
If the export space permission is revoked for the user or group, they can't export the whole space.
Content-level export is governed by the "View" permission. Anyone who can view a page or live doc can also export it.
Admin
Controls who the
space admins
are in your space
If the space admin permission is granted to the user or group, they can view and make changes to certain elements of the space reserved for space admins. They can also grant or revoke space permissions for any user or group, including the space admin permission itself.
Note
: Space admins can add and delete restrictions on any content they have permission to view. They don’t need to have been granted the Restrictions space permission.
If the space admin permission is revoked for the user or group, they can't grant or revoke space permissions for anyone.
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
It wasn't accurate
It wasn't clear
It wasn't relevant
Provide feedback about this article
Still need help?
The Atlassian Community is here for you.
Ask the Community
Manage permissions at the space level
What are space permissions?
Copy space permissions
Assign space permissions
Make a space public with anonymous access
Assign Questions for Confluence permissions
On this page
Additive permissions
Add people to your space
Override all permissions on a space
Copy permissions from another space
Assigning permissions for anonymous access
Recover space permissions
What the individual space permissions do
Community
Questions, discussions, and articles
Accessibility
Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security
2025
Atlassian