URL: https://support.atlassian.com/confluence-cloud/docs/merge-multiple-confluence-cloud-sites/

Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites | Confluence Cloud | Atlassian Support
Skip to main content
Confluence Support
Products
Documentation
Resources
Contact us
Sign in
Sign in
Confluence Cloud
Documentation
Considering Confluence Cloud?
Confluence Cloud functionality and features
What is Confluence Cloud?
Learn about the features of Confluence Cloud plans
Confluence Standard
See how teams use Confluence Cloud
Use Confluence for technical documentation
Use Confluence for software teams
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Navigate around Confluence
What is the new navigation in Confluence?
Use For you to jump into work and see what's happening
Confluence navigation
View written content
Use spaces to organize your work
What is a space?
Create a space
Customize your personal space
Navigate spaces
Organize your space
Find content in a space
Customize your space's overview
Use labels to categorize spaces
Delete or disable a template
Find content in Confluence Cloud
Search for content
Search for people and teams
Confluence search syntax
Discover relevant content with related content
Use Atlassian Intelligence to search for answers
Create and edit content
Draft, publish, and update a page
Create and collaborate in real time with live docs
Format a page, live doc, or blog post with a template
Format your content
Format text
Create and manage layouts
Use symbols, emojis, and special characters
Keyboard shortcuts and autocomplete
Available markdown commands
Simplify data with tables
Charts and connected data
Work with images, videos, and files
Use Atlassian Intelligence to help write or edit content
Bring all your work into Confluence
Insert links and anchors
Get started with Smart Links in the content tree
What data is sent and received when pasting a Smart Link?
Insert and manage links on your pages and live docs
Add elements to a page or live doc
Transfer ownership of your content item
Add a status to your content
Make your content and its title more memorable
Import external documents
Classify content
How redaction works
Learn about the Atlassian cloud editor
Convert pages to the cloud editor
Keep content organized
Take quick action from the content title
Use labels to organize content and attachments
Move, copy, and hide content items
Archive content items
Restore archived items to the content tree
Delete, restore, or purge a content item
Save a page, live doc, or other content item for later
Use folders to organize your work
Upload and manage files
Upload a file
Display files and images
Manage uploaded files
Share and comment on files
Present your content with Presenter mode
Atlassian Intelligence features in Confluence Cloud
Search for answers using Atlassian Intelligence
Write or edit content using Atlassian Intelligence
Define terms using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Atlassian Intelligence with Confluence automation
Learn about pre-defined prompts in Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a page, live doc, or blog using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize comments using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize changes with Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a whiteboard using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Rovo to listen to audio briefings of Confluence content
Use Loom in Confluence Cloud
Create and edit whiteboards
Getting started with Confluence whiteboards
Create a new whiteboard
Navigation tools in whiteboards
Organize and explore ideas with sticky notes
Use shapes to visualize ideas
Add and edit text on whiteboards
Build flows and diagrams with flows and connectors
Inserting links to your whiteboard
Use sections to organize your work
Add and edit images on whiteboards
Add the feels with stamps and stickers
Use a template to get started fast
Keep on track with the timer
Hide collaborator cursors
Integrate whiteboards into your Atlassian workflow
Link Jira issues from your whiteboard
Take bulk Jira actions with smart sections
Set your whiteboard preferences
Import Figjam boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Miro boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Mural boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Jamboard whiteboards in Confluence whiteboards
Export your whiteboard
Collaboration limits on whiteboards
What Confluence whiteboards don't support
Whiteboards impact on third-party apps
Understand Confluence whiteboards plans and features
Browser support and settings for whiteboards
Atlassian Intelligence in Confluence whiteboards
Draw freeform lines with pen
Private mode in whiteboards
Voting in whiteboards
Whiteboard version history
Create and edit databases
Get started with Confluence databases
Database tour
Create a database
Database fields
Share databases, entries, or values
Database views
Layouts and options
Filter your data
Sort fields
Hide fields in your database
Import data into your database
Export your database data
Duplicate a database setup
Lock your database structure
What Confluence databases don't support
Database impact on third-party apps
Database version history
Perform simple calculations on your data
Export content from Confluence Cloud
Wide tables may be cut off in PDF export
Cases where PDF Export may revert to using legacy exporter
Get to know the new and simplified content layout
How to use the new toolbar and insert elements
Import data from other tools into Confluence
FAQ import data from HTML to Confluence
FAQ import data from Notion to Confluence
Import data from HTML to Confluence
Import data from Notion into Confluence
Import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from HTML to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from Notion to Confluence
Troubleshooting import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Review macros only available in the legacy editor
Insert the cheese macro
Insert the column macro
Insert the content by user macro
Insert the create space button macro
Insert the favorite pages macro
Insert the global reports macro
Insert the info, tip, note, and warning macros
Insert the JUnit report macro
Insert the noformat macro
Insert the panel macro
Insert the recently used labels macro
Insert the search results macro
Insert the section macro
Insert the space attachments macro
Insert the space details macro
Insert the status macro
Insert the code block macro
Insert the gallery macro
Insert the Google Drive macro
Insert the lorem ipsum macro
Insert the multimedia macro
Insert the navigation map macro
Insert the network macro
Insert the PDF macro
The Confluence legacy editor
FAQ: Understanding legacy editor deprecation
Convert legacy editor pages
Differences using Confluence legacy editor and cloud editor
The legacy content macro
Collaborate on content and get notified in Confluence Cloud
Collaborate on content
Create a network of users
Add a reaction to any content
Mention a person or team
Share Confluence content
Comment on pages, live docs, whiteboards, and blog posts
Watch pages, live docs, spaces, whiteboards, and blogs
Add people to Confluence from Google, Slack, or Microsoft
What can guests see and do in Confluence?
Share content externally with public links
Get notified about content and activity
View your notifications
Subscribe to email updates
What is a Confluence RSS feed?
Build an RSS feed
Subscribe to pre-specified RSS feeds
Subscribe to a network RSS feed
Celebrate your work with Confluence Recap
View Confluence analytics to see how content is performing
View insights on your site
View insights on spaces
Content insights and analytics
Turn on privacy mode for analytics data
Manage your account and permissions in Confluence Cloud
Manage your account
Edit your profile
Edit your user settings
Change your Confluence password
Manage OAuth access tokens
Delete your account
Change your theme
Set your email visibility
Manage permissions at the content level
Change who can find content and what they can do with it
Confluence permissions structure
Troubleshoot access problems to content
What is a Confluence group?
Extend the functionality of Confluence Cloud
Use Team Calendars for Confluence (Premium feature)
Subscribe to Team Calendars from third-party calendars
Getting started with team calendars
Add events
Add Jira events
See standard event types
Add and delete custom event types
Add reminders to events
Embed calendars on Confluence content
Watch a calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Thunderbird
Subscribe to Google Calendars from Confluence
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Microsoft Outlook
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple iOS Calendar
Export to other calendars
Set system properties
Team Calendars FAQs
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar (Android)
Use Company Hub to deliver key information to employees
Create and customize a Company Hub
Manage your Company Hub
Set up a menu of important links on Company Hub
Use sections to enhance and highlight your Company Hub content
Highlight important messages with a visual spotlight
Add a rotating set of frames to your Company Hub
Use cards to add beautiful dynamic content to Company Hub
Curate search results in Company Hub
Use Confluence with other applications
Use Slack and Confluence together
Use Jira and Confluence together
Use Trello and Confluence together
Use Microsoft Teams and Confluence together
Use macros to show Confluence content on pages and live docs
What are macros?
Learn which macros are being removed
Insert the attachments macro
Insert the blog posts macro
Insert the change history macro
Insert the child items macro
Insert the filter by label macro
Insert the content report table macro
Insert the contributors macro
Insert the contributors summary macro
Insert the create from template macro
Insert the decision report macro
Insert the excerpt macro
Add excerpts to a page or live doc with the insert excerpt macro
Insert the include content macro
Insert the labels list macro
Insert the popular labels macro
Insert the profile picture macro
Insert the recent updates macro
Insert the recently updated dashboard macro
Insert the related labels macro
Insert the spaces list macro
Insert the task report macro
Insert the user profile macro
Legacy editor content in the cloud editor
Use macros to add development info on Confluence pages
Display Jira work items in a list
Insert the Jira chart macro
Insert the Jira timeline macro
Display your Assets data on a Confluence page
Use macros to include media on Confluence pages
Insert Microsoft Office macros
Insert the widget connector macro
Use macros to add navigation on Confluence pages
Insert the anchor link macro
Insert the Live Search macro
Insert the Page Index macro
Insert the content tree macro
Insert the page tree search macro
Insert the table of contents macro
Insert the table of content zone macro
Use macros to add reporting info to Confluence pages
Insert the content properties macro
Insert the content properties report macro
Insert the user list macro
Use macros to add visuals and images to Confluence pages
Insert the chart macro
Insert the iFrame macro
Insert the roadmap planner macro
Add a trio of dynamic frames to your content with Carousel
Display beautiful, dynamic content on your page or live doc with Cards
Insert the expand macro
Use gadgets to add dynamic content
Add the activity stream gadget
Use Questions for Confluence
Install Questions for Confluence
Ask a question
Watch and edit topics
What are votes and experts?
Admin settings for Questions for Confluence
Use automation for Confluence
Learn about macros on Confluence mobile
Space administration
Set space-specific functionality
Additional PDF export settings
Advanced PDF export customizations
Set a default classification level for content
Manage permissions at the space level
What are space permissions?
Copy space permissions
Assign space permissions
Make a space public with anonymous access
Assign Questions for Confluence permissions
Manage content in a space
Clean up a space with the content manager
Transfer content item ownership from one user to another
Manage page watchers
Export a space's content as Word, PDF, or data files
Remove a space
Archive a space
Delete a space
Create templates, blueprints, and reports
Create a template
Edit a template
Promote a template
Create a custom report
Manage team calendars
Delete or remove a calendar
Restrict a calendar
Manage Questions for Confluence
Get started with Questions for Confluence
Administer questions
Integrate questions with your spaces
Customize your space
Apply a theme to a space
Change the space name and logo
Edit features for a space
Confluence administration
Get started as Confluence Cloud administrator
Set Confluence-wide functionality
Control whether spaces can allow public links
Control whether spaces can turn on anonymous access
Change the landing page
Change the Confluence Home welcome message
Create a custom space overview template
Turn off page reactions
Customize layout for PDF exports in Confluence Cloud
Convert legacy editor pages in all spaces
Configure live docs in Confluence
Monitor and manage activity in Confluence Cloud
Act on insights from mission control
Download a spaces report
View the audit log
Premium admin tools for Confluence Cloud
Post Confluence-wide announcements in a banner
Inspect a user's permissions
Bypass page restrictions with admin key
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Manage global permissions
Assign space access to guests
Manage public links across Confluence Cloud
How secure are public links?
Give access to unlicensed users from Jira Service Management
Manage analytics permissions in Confluence administration
Control which groups can use analytics
Manage Confluence content templates
Create a global content template
Edit a global content template
Install a global blueprint
Manage global content templates and blueprints
Configuration settings in Confluence Cloud
Change the site title
Configure the administrator contact page
Choose a default language
Configure the indexing language
Configure time and date formats
Configure number formats
Configure attachment size
Configure shortcut links
Install a custom language font for PDF exports
Confluence wiki markup syntax for the legacy editor
Customize the email domain sending Confluence emails
Security settings in Confluence Cloud
Hide external links from search engines
Disable anonymous access to remote API
Turn on Captcha for spam prevention or failed logins
Look and feel settings in Confluence Cloud
Install a theme
Set the default theme
Customize the navigation colors
Change your site and space logos
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Import a Confluence Cloud space
Export a data backup file of your instance
Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites
Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center
Atlassian Marketplace apps
Manage your apps
Status page: Live docs + Marketplace apps
Confluence automation administration
Confluence automation
Confluence automation usage
Atlassian administration for Confluence Cloud
Actions that require an organization or site admin
Manage your storage usage
Invite guests to Confluence
Removing users and downgrading to Confluence Free
Adjust permissions before downgrading to Confluence Free
What happens when an account is deactivated vs. deleted?
Atlassian Support
Confluence
Resources
Confluence administration
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Cloud
Data Center
Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites
This page is for people who are currently using Confluence Cloud, and want to move their entire instance to a different cloud site — or merge Confluence Cloud instances from multiple sites.
For migrating from Confluence Server to Confluence Cloud, see the
Server to cloud migration guide
.
Migrating a Confluence Cloud instance to an existing Confluence Cloud instance
When to use this method
When you want to move from an existing Confluence Cloud instance to a Confluence Cloud instance on another site.
When your new cloud site is Confluence-only. If you have both Confluence and Jira in your cloud site, you’ll need to import all of your spaces individually. See
Import a Confluence Cloud space
for information on how to do that.
Before you begin
This process will replace all content and users from your Confluence Cloud instance, including:
The content of all spaces exported from the other instance.
The users exported from the other instance, including all administrators and non-administrators.
The groups, and user memberships of those groups, exported from the other instance.
We can’t currently export databases
They will appear in the tree when exported but won’t retain their content, data, or functionality.
On this page, we will use the term 'source Confluence site' or 'source site' to mean the cloud site you are copying the information from. The 'destination site' is the Cloud instance you are copying the information to.
Step 1: Back up your destination cloud site
The import will remove all data on your destination site, including content, users, and groups. We strongly recommend you make a backup copy of the destination site and save the backup file on your local file system. To export the contents of your source cloud site, follow the steps described in
Export a data backup file of your instance
.
Before you back up your site, make sure all user accounts have a unique email address associated with them. If this isn't done, the import will fail. If you started an import and noticed that it imported all the data, and then failed, this may be the cause.
Step 2: Export the Confluence Cloud contents of your source site
To export the contents of Confluence Cloud from your source site, follow the steps described in
Export a data backup file of your instance
.
Remember to include attachments in your backup
Make sure all user accounts have a unique email address associated with them
Step 3: Check the size limits
Site import in Confluence Cloud is restricted to a maximum 200 megabytes for the uncompressed XML files inside the backup zip file. This is the 'data size' of the backup. There's no limit to the file size and number of attachments.
When you try to do the import, Confluence Cloud will inform you if the backup data is too large.
To manually check the data size of the backup:
Unzip the backup file.
Sum the sizes of the XML files in the root directory of the zip file (this will be at least the file named
entities.xml
and may also include XML files added by plugins).
What if the data size is okay?
If the data size of your site backup file is within the limits, import the site backup directly into the destination Confluence Cloud instance. See below.
What if the size limit is exceeded?
If the size of your site backup file is too large, you'll need to move the content space by space and ensure your user data is imported, too. This involves exporting each space individually. You can do this in your cloud site.
Step 4: Import the site content into Confluence Cloud on your source site
If the data size of your site backup file is within the limit described above, import the site backup directly into the destination Confluence Cloud instance.
To import a space:
Select the wheel icon (
) in the top-right corner to open Confluence administration.
Select
Import spaces
from the sidebar (under
Data management
).
Select
Select file
to upload the export file from your computer.
(Optional) If you're using Jira Cloud, select the Cloud project you'd like to link to this space.
Select
Import
.
(Optional) If you're importing more than one space, select
Import another space
and repeat steps 1-5.
Once you've imported all your spaces, select
Next step
. This will trigger the Jira macro repair, which will find and fix any broken Jira macros on your instance.
Apps
After migrating your data, you'll need to re-install any compatible apps, like Questions for Confluence and team calendars.
You can check whether your essential apps are available for Confluence Server, Cloud or both on the
Atlassian Marketplace
.
For migrating from Confluence Server to Confluence Cloud, see the
Server to cloud migration guide
.
Merging Confluence Cloud instances from multiple sites
Confluence Cloud does not support merging multiple sites, although that work is on our roadmap. You can watch this request for updates:
CLOUD-11495
- Confluence Cloud to Cloud migration tooling
IN PROGRESS
. Workarounds are available. The workaround you choose depends on your needs, including how many Confluence sites you want to merge.
To merge two sites
, we recommend using a Confluence Data Center instance to facilitate the merging process. This is the simplest way to maintain your set up and configuration and only requires downtime for one of your cloud sites.
To merge three or more sites
, follow the instructions to
import a Confluence Cloud space
to an existing cloud site.
In the instructions below, the site that Confluence Cloud data is being copied from is referred to as the source site, and the site that Confluence Cloud data is being copied to is referred to as the destination site.
Notify support of your migration window
If you’ll be performing your migration over a weekend or holiday, or are migrating over 1,000 users to cloud,
get in touch
at least two weeks in advance to let us know. This is so we can ensure we have extra support on hand during your migration.
Learn more about how we support cloud migrations
Merging Confluence Cloud instances from two sites
This method requires setting up a Confluence Data Center instance. You’ll need to create a backup of the data from your source cloud site, restore this backup in the Data Center instance, and use the
Confluence Cloud Migration Assistant
to import the data into your destination cloud site. You can use this method to consolidate two cloud sites or move specific Confluence Cloud spaces from one site to another.
This is the simplest way to maintain your setup and configuration and only requires downtime for one of your cloud sites.
This method may not work for all customers. We recommend that you test this method before performing a production migration. This will help you anticipate the issues that you may encounter during your migration and resolve them in advance.
Instructions
Customers with two cloud sites can move all or some Confluence Cloud spaces from one site into the other in order to have a single, consolidated site.
This method requires setting up a Data Center instance.
To merge sites:
Install the latest version of Confluence Data Center
. You can do this by generating a free trial license from
my.atlassian.com
. Note that Confluence Data Center trial licenses last for 30 days. If you need more time to complete your migration,
licenses can be extended to 90 days upon request
.
Export a data backup file of your instance
of
Confluence Cloud B
. This will contain the users and spaces you want to import to Confluence Cloud A.
Import your data
from
Confluence Cloud B
to Confluence Data Center.
Use the
Confluence Cloud Migration Assistant
to import your users and spaces from Confluence Data Center to
Confluence Cloud A
.
Limitations
App data isn’t supported. After migrating your data, you’ll need to re-install any apps you need in the cloud.
Some configurations might not be supported. Before choosing this method,
check what gets migrated with the Confluence Cloud Migration Assistant
.
Knowledge of how to install and set up a Confluence Cloud Data Center instance is required.
We strongly encourage performing a dry-run of the import and doing User Acceptance Testing on a
test cloud site
(which can be created using a free trial) before proceeding with the import on your production cloud site.
Merging Confluence Cloud from three or more sites
The method outlined above using a Confluence Data Center instance is only suitable for merging two Confluence Cloud sites.
To merge three or more sites, follow these instructions to
import a Confluence Cloud space
to an existing cloud site.
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
It wasn't accurate
It wasn't clear
It wasn't relevant
Provide feedback about this article
Still need help?
The Atlassian Community is here for you.
Ask the Community
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Import a Confluence Cloud space
Export a data backup file of your instance
Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites
Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center
On this page
Migrating a Confluence Cloud instance to an existing Confluence Cloud instance
Merging Confluence Cloud instances from multiple sites
Merging Confluence Cloud instances from two sites
Merging Confluence Cloud from three or more sites
Community
Questions, discussions, and articles
Accessibility
Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security
2025
Atlassian