URL: https://support.atlassian.com/confluence-cloud/docs/create-edit-and-publish-a-page/

Draft, publish, and update a page | Confluence Cloud | Atlassian Support
Skip to main content
Confluence Support
Products
Documentation
Resources
Contact us
Sign in
Sign in
Confluence Cloud
Documentation
Considering Confluence Cloud?
Confluence Cloud functionality and features
What is Confluence Cloud?
Learn about the features of Confluence Cloud plans
Confluence Standard
See how teams use Confluence Cloud
Use Confluence for technical documentation
Use Confluence for software teams
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Navigate around Confluence
What is the new navigation in Confluence?
Use For you to jump into work and see what's happening
Confluence navigation
View written content
Use spaces to organize your work
What is a space?
Create a space
Customize your personal space
Navigate spaces
Organize your space
Find content in a space
Customize your space's overview
Use labels to categorize spaces
Delete or disable a template
Find content in Confluence Cloud
Search for content
Search for people and teams
Confluence search syntax
Discover relevant content with related content
Use Atlassian Intelligence to search for answers
Create and edit content
Draft, publish, and update a page
Create and collaborate in real time with live docs
Format a page, live doc, or blog post with a template
Format your content
Format text
Create and manage layouts
Use symbols, emojis, and special characters
Keyboard shortcuts and autocomplete
Available markdown commands
Simplify data with tables
Charts and connected data
Work with images, videos, and files
Use Atlassian Intelligence to help write or edit content
Bring all your work into Confluence
Insert links and anchors
Get started with Smart Links in the content tree
What data is sent and received when pasting a Smart Link?
Insert and manage links on your pages and live docs
Add elements to a page or live doc
Transfer ownership of your content item
Add a status to your content
Make your content and its title more memorable
Import external documents
Classify content
How redaction works
Learn about the Atlassian cloud editor
Convert pages to the cloud editor
Keep content organized
Take quick action from the content title
Use labels to organize content and attachments
Move, copy, and hide content items
Archive content items
Restore archived items to the content tree
Delete, restore, or purge a content item
Save a page, live doc, or other content item for later
Use folders to organize your work
Upload and manage files
Upload a file
Display files and images
Manage uploaded files
Share and comment on files
Present your content with Presenter mode
Atlassian Intelligence features in Confluence Cloud
Search for answers using Atlassian Intelligence
Write or edit content using Atlassian Intelligence
Define terms using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Atlassian Intelligence with Confluence automation
Learn about pre-defined prompts in Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a page, live doc, or blog using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize comments using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize changes with Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a whiteboard using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Rovo to listen to audio briefings of Confluence content
Use Loom in Confluence Cloud
Create and edit whiteboards
Getting started with Confluence whiteboards
Create a new whiteboard
Navigation tools in whiteboards
Organize and explore ideas with sticky notes
Use shapes to visualize ideas
Add and edit text on whiteboards
Build flows and diagrams with flows and connectors
Inserting links to your whiteboard
Use sections to organize your work
Add and edit images on whiteboards
Add the feels with stamps and stickers
Use a template to get started fast
Keep on track with the timer
Hide collaborator cursors
Integrate whiteboards into your Atlassian workflow
Link Jira issues from your whiteboard
Take bulk Jira actions with smart sections
Set your whiteboard preferences
Import Figjam boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Miro boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Mural boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Jamboard whiteboards in Confluence whiteboards
Export your whiteboard
Collaboration limits on whiteboards
What Confluence whiteboards don't support
Whiteboards impact on third-party apps
Understand Confluence whiteboards plans and features
Browser support and settings for whiteboards
Atlassian Intelligence in Confluence whiteboards
Draw freeform lines with pen
Private mode in whiteboards
Voting in whiteboards
Whiteboard version history
Create and edit databases
Get started with Confluence databases
Database tour
Create a database
Database fields
Share databases, entries, or values
Database views
Layouts and options
Filter your data
Sort fields
Hide fields in your database
Import data into your database
Export your database data
Duplicate a database setup
Lock your database structure
What Confluence databases don't support
Database impact on third-party apps
Database version history
Perform simple calculations on your data
Export content from Confluence Cloud
Wide tables may be cut off in PDF export
Cases where PDF Export may revert to using legacy exporter
Get to know the new and simplified content layout
How to use the new toolbar and insert elements
Import data from other tools into Confluence
FAQ import data from HTML to Confluence
FAQ import data from Notion to Confluence
Import data from HTML to Confluence
Import data from Notion into Confluence
Import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from HTML to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from Notion to Confluence
Troubleshooting import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Review macros only available in the legacy editor
Insert the cheese macro
Insert the column macro
Insert the content by user macro
Insert the create space button macro
Insert the favorite pages macro
Insert the global reports macro
Insert the info, tip, note, and warning macros
Insert the JUnit report macro
Insert the noformat macro
Insert the panel macro
Insert the recently used labels macro
Insert the search results macro
Insert the section macro
Insert the space attachments macro
Insert the space details macro
Insert the status macro
Insert the code block macro
Insert the gallery macro
Insert the Google Drive macro
Insert the lorem ipsum macro
Insert the multimedia macro
Insert the navigation map macro
Insert the network macro
Insert the PDF macro
The Confluence legacy editor
FAQ: Understanding legacy editor deprecation
Convert legacy editor pages
Differences using Confluence legacy editor and cloud editor
The legacy content macro
Collaborate on content and get notified in Confluence Cloud
Collaborate on content
Create a network of users
Add a reaction to any content
Mention a person or team
Share Confluence content
Comment on pages, live docs, whiteboards, and blog posts
Watch pages, live docs, spaces, whiteboards, and blogs
Add people to Confluence from Google, Slack, or Microsoft
What can guests see and do in Confluence?
Share content externally with public links
Get notified about content and activity
View your notifications
Subscribe to email updates
What is a Confluence RSS feed?
Build an RSS feed
Subscribe to pre-specified RSS feeds
Subscribe to a network RSS feed
Celebrate your work with Confluence Recap
View Confluence analytics to see how content is performing
View insights on your site
View insights on spaces
Content insights and analytics
Turn on privacy mode for analytics data
Manage your account and permissions in Confluence Cloud
Manage your account
Edit your profile
Edit your user settings
Change your Confluence password
Manage OAuth access tokens
Delete your account
Change your theme
Set your email visibility
Manage permissions at the content level
Change who can find content and what they can do with it
Confluence permissions structure
Troubleshoot access problems to content
What is a Confluence group?
Extend the functionality of Confluence Cloud
Use Team Calendars for Confluence (Premium feature)
Subscribe to Team Calendars from third-party calendars
Getting started with team calendars
Add events
Add Jira events
See standard event types
Add and delete custom event types
Add reminders to events
Embed calendars on Confluence content
Watch a calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Thunderbird
Subscribe to Google Calendars from Confluence
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Microsoft Outlook
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple iOS Calendar
Export to other calendars
Set system properties
Team Calendars FAQs
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar (Android)
Use Company Hub to deliver key information to employees
Create and customize a Company Hub
Manage your Company Hub
Set up a menu of important links on Company Hub
Use sections to enhance and highlight your Company Hub content
Highlight important messages with a visual spotlight
Add a rotating set of frames to your Company Hub
Use cards to add beautiful dynamic content to Company Hub
Curate search results in Company Hub
Use Confluence with other applications
Use Slack and Confluence together
Use Jira and Confluence together
Use Trello and Confluence together
Use Microsoft Teams and Confluence together
Use macros to show Confluence content on pages and live docs
What are macros?
Learn which macros are being removed
Insert the attachments macro
Insert the blog posts macro
Insert the change history macro
Insert the child items macro
Insert the filter by label macro
Insert the content report table macro
Insert the contributors macro
Insert the contributors summary macro
Insert the create from template macro
Insert the decision report macro
Insert the excerpt macro
Add excerpts to a page or live doc with the insert excerpt macro
Insert the include content macro
Insert the labels list macro
Insert the popular labels macro
Insert the profile picture macro
Insert the recent updates macro
Insert the recently updated dashboard macro
Insert the related labels macro
Insert the spaces list macro
Insert the task report macro
Insert the user profile macro
Legacy editor content in the cloud editor
Use macros to add development info on Confluence pages
Display Jira work items in a list
Insert the Jira chart macro
Insert the Jira timeline macro
Display your Assets data on a Confluence page
Use macros to include media on Confluence pages
Insert Microsoft Office macros
Insert the widget connector macro
Use macros to add navigation on Confluence pages
Insert the anchor link macro
Insert the Live Search macro
Insert the Page Index macro
Insert the content tree macro
Insert the page tree search macro
Insert the table of contents macro
Insert the table of content zone macro
Use macros to add reporting info to Confluence pages
Insert the content properties macro
Insert the content properties report macro
Insert the user list macro
Use macros to add visuals and images to Confluence pages
Insert the chart macro
Insert the iFrame macro
Insert the roadmap planner macro
Add a trio of dynamic frames to your content with Carousel
Display beautiful, dynamic content on your page or live doc with Cards
Insert the expand macro
Use gadgets to add dynamic content
Add the activity stream gadget
Use Questions for Confluence
Install Questions for Confluence
Ask a question
Watch and edit topics
What are votes and experts?
Admin settings for Questions for Confluence
Use automation for Confluence
Learn about macros on Confluence mobile
Space administration
Set space-specific functionality
Additional PDF export settings
Advanced PDF export customizations
Set a default classification level for content
Manage permissions at the space level
What are space permissions?
Copy space permissions
Assign space permissions
Make a space public with anonymous access
Assign Questions for Confluence permissions
Manage content in a space
Clean up a space with the content manager
Transfer content item ownership from one user to another
Manage page watchers
Export a space's content as Word, PDF, or data files
Remove a space
Archive a space
Delete a space
Create templates, blueprints, and reports
Create a template
Edit a template
Promote a template
Create a custom report
Manage team calendars
Delete or remove a calendar
Restrict a calendar
Manage Questions for Confluence
Get started with Questions for Confluence
Administer questions
Integrate questions with your spaces
Customize your space
Apply a theme to a space
Change the space name and logo
Edit features for a space
Confluence administration
Get started as Confluence Cloud administrator
Set Confluence-wide functionality
Control whether spaces can allow public links
Control whether spaces can turn on anonymous access
Change the landing page
Change the Confluence Home welcome message
Create a custom space overview template
Turn off page reactions
Customize layout for PDF exports in Confluence Cloud
Convert legacy editor pages in all spaces
Configure live docs in Confluence
Monitor and manage activity in Confluence Cloud
Act on insights from mission control
Download a spaces report
View the audit log
Premium admin tools for Confluence Cloud
Post Confluence-wide announcements in a banner
Inspect a user's permissions
Bypass page restrictions with admin key
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Manage global permissions
Assign space access to guests
Manage public links across Confluence Cloud
How secure are public links?
Give access to unlicensed users from Jira Service Management
Manage analytics permissions in Confluence administration
Control which groups can use analytics
Manage Confluence content templates
Create a global content template
Edit a global content template
Install a global blueprint
Manage global content templates and blueprints
Configuration settings in Confluence Cloud
Change the site title
Configure the administrator contact page
Choose a default language
Configure the indexing language
Configure time and date formats
Configure number formats
Configure attachment size
Configure shortcut links
Install a custom language font for PDF exports
Confluence wiki markup syntax for the legacy editor
Customize the email domain sending Confluence emails
Security settings in Confluence Cloud
Hide external links from search engines
Disable anonymous access to remote API
Turn on Captcha for spam prevention or failed logins
Look and feel settings in Confluence Cloud
Install a theme
Set the default theme
Customize the navigation colors
Change your site and space logos
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Import a Confluence Cloud space
Export a data backup file of your instance
Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites
Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center
Atlassian Marketplace apps
Manage your apps
Status page: Live docs + Marketplace apps
Confluence automation administration
Confluence automation
Confluence automation usage
Atlassian administration for Confluence Cloud
Actions that require an organization or site admin
Manage your storage usage
Invite guests to Confluence
Removing users and downgrading to Confluence Free
Adjust permissions before downgrading to Confluence Free
What happens when an account is deactivated vs. deleted?
Atlassian Support
Confluence
Resources
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Create and edit content
Cloud
Data Center
Draft, publish, and update a page
In Confluence, you can draft and initially publish pages for the rest of your team to benefit from, then update them as needed later. You can share your page or visit someone else’s, give or get feedback, and compare page versions to see what’s changed over time.
Pages are more than just words – you can also add calendars, activity streams, and roadmaps to create powerful and dynamic pages that let you document plans, track sprint progress, maintain a knowledge base, and more.
To create and collaborate on written content in real time without the need to publish or leverage higher levels of version control, try creating a
live doc
.
Does your toolbar look different?
Your toolbar or editing controls may appear differently from usual, or from how they appear in this documentation. We’re rolling out features that are subject to change.
How to pin your toolbar and navigate editing updates
Creating content
You can create a page from anywhere in Confluence—just select
Create
in the navigation, and you're ready to go. If you like, you can select a template from the panel on the right so you don't have to start from scratch. For more information about using templates, see
Format content with a template
.
Once you decide on a blank page or template, you can start adding content to your page.
Creating content from the sidebar
Create content in your space by using the + button next to the
Content
section in the space
sidebar
.
You can also create a page in a folder or under another page using the contextual create button that appears when hovering over the page title in the
sidebar
.
Move a page
Adding pages contextually puts them where you want them to live from the start. Made a mistake or changed your mind? Use the drag and drop feature in the content tree to drag the page where you want it or use drag and drop to reorder the pages.
Can't create a page or blog?
To create a page or blog post, you need the
Add content
permissions
for that space.
Collaborative editing
You and up to 11 teammates can edit a page together in real time in Confluence. Changes save and sync automatically so that everyone editing sees the same thing.
Avatars
— People who are currently editing have colored avatars, while people who made edits and left the page appear in greyscale.
Invite to edit
—Select the plus sign to invite others to edit your page with you from inside the editor. Either copy and send them the page link, or send them a Confluence notification, which will reach them via email and workbox.
Inline
comments
can be added while editing a page. Only those in your editing session can see, reply to, and resolve the comments. Once the page has been published, any unresolved comments can be seen by page viewers.
Drafts
Confluence autosaves as you go whenever you're using the editor. This makes it easy to create a page and start writing; when you're ready to stop but not quite sure if you're going to do anything with it, you can just select
Close draft
in the editor without publishing. This creates a draft, an unpublished page or blog post that you can get back to at any time from a few different locations.
Drafts can be found:
Under
More actions (•••)
in the
sidebar
, select
Drafts
(shows all drafts you’ve worked on across all spaces).
In the content tree where the draft was started
Who can see your draft?
Only you! No one can find or view your drafts unless you take specific actions to collaborate with them.
Here’s how it works:
If
you
create a draft,
only you
will be able to find and edit the draft you created.
If you
explicitly
share a draft (invite via notification)
AND
the collaborator clicks on the link to open it in the editor, the collaborator will be able to find and view your draft.
If you
implicitly
share a draft with others (via share the link or browser URL)
AND
the collaborator clicks on the link to open it in the editor, the collaborator will be able to find and view your draft.
If you add a collaborator as an editor to a restricted draft (via perms), the collaborator will not be able to find and view your draft.
If you shared your draft with someone and don't want them to be able to access it anymore, you can change the draft's permissions by restricting the page. You can change the draft's permissions by selecting the lock icon next to
Publish...
Delete a draft
To delete a draft while editing, select More actions (
) and
Delete unpublished page
. Deleting a draft is permanent and can't be undone.
Delete draft
— Permanently deletes your draft.
Close draft
— Closes the editor, saving your draft.
You can also delete a draft from the page or blog tree by selecting More actions (
) and
Delete
.
Naming content in Confluence
To help your users find what they're looking for, give your content relevant, easy to search for names. Here are a few other things you should also keep in mind:
Avoid using special characters in names, as they may not be found using Confluence search and can cause some Confluence functions to behave unexpectedly.
Unnamed drafts are called
Untitled
. Make sure you give pages a working name so you can tell your drafts apart.
Publish and update
When you or your team are ready to make your draft page or blog post visible and accessible to other users in a Confluence space, it is time to publish. Publishing a page or blog post makes it available for viewing, commenting, and editing by other users who have permission to do so, and often also those who have access to the space it resides within. Once a page or blog post is published, it can be found through search or by browsing the content tree.
To publish a page or blog post for the first time, from draft mode, select
Publish…
from the top right corner of the editor toolbar.
A modal will appear where you can select and confirm a number of publish settings before publishing, including:
Location
Confirm or select where your page or blog will go in the content tree once it is published.
Access
Confirm or select who will be able to view or edit your page or blog once it is published.
Version comments
Version comments allow you to summarize the work you’ve done or changes you’ve made for any given first-time publish or subsequent update of a page or blog post. This description will be recorded in the page or blog’s history and will be sent to watchers via notification email if you choose to notify them.
Schedule publish
Sometimes a page or blog needs to published at the right moment to coincide with a project start, a product release, or a company announcement. Rather than relying on a calendar reminder or a sticky note, you can schedule the date and time your page or blog post will publish.
No notifications are sent to those you’ve mentioned or those watching the page, blog, or the space until the content is actually published.
To make it really clear that the page or blog is set to be published at a certain day and time, the
Publish…
button will change to
Scheduled
. A
PUBLISH SCHEDULED
indicator will be displayed at the top of the page and next to the page title in your list of Recent pages.
No worries if you have to make edits to a page or blog that is scheduled to publish later. The most recent version will be published when the scheduled publish time arrives.
You can also go in and make adjustments to your publish schedule anytime by selecting the
Scheduled
button at the top right of the scheduled page.
To schedule your publish:
Select the
Schedule publish
dropdown from the modal.
Select the date and time of your scheduled publish.
Select
OK
.
Once you’ve confirmed all other publish settings, select
Schedule
to confirm the scheduled publish.
Publish as page or blog post
Before publishing your draft, you can choose whether to publish it as as a blog post rather than having to copy the page content into a blog. Publishing as a blog post can happen the first time you publish or the tenth time.
To publish your draft as either a page or blog post:
Select the
Publish as
dropdown from the modal.
Select either
Page
or
Blog
based on your preference.
Once you’ve confirmed all other publish settings, select
Publish
to publish your page or blog post.
Update
Once a page or blog is initially published, all subsequent published changes to it are referred to as
updates
.
To update a published page or blog with new edits based on the settings you selected or confirmed when publishing, select
Update
from the top right corner of the editor.
To review and/or adjust the settings of your update, select the down carat (
) next to
Update
.
A modal will appear where you can:
Adjust your page’s location
Adjust your page’s access
Notify people
watching
with a notification email about this update that includes any version comments you may have added
Add version comments to your update
Schedule your update for later
Turn your page into a blog post
Confluence creates a new version of your work each time you edit and update. This means that you can go back and see your page history, and, if necessary, revert back to a previous version of your work.
Publishing or updating closes the editor and takes you back to viewing the page. Once a page is published for the first time, you can find it in the content tree, under its parent page if it has one. If you publish a blog post, it will live in the blog section of your own space, which is organized chronologically. It's easy to
move and reorganize pages
, so you don't have to worry if you've published to the wrong place.
More actions
From the
More actions
menu (
) in the toolbar, you can also take various actions while editing.
For a page in a draft state:
Preview
— See what the published page will look like.
Convert to live doc
- Convert your draft to a live doc that can be edited and collaborated on seamlessly without having to publish or update changes.
Templates and import
– Open a sidebar on the right of your screen where you can access a selection of templates, and/or convert an external document into a Confluence page.
Move
– Change the location of a page within a space, or from one space to another.
Delete draft
— Delete your draft with ease.
For a page that’s been published before:
Star -
Find this page more easily later from the
Starred
section of the
sidebar
.
Watch settings -
Select if you’d like to be notified about changes to this content, its nested items, or all content in the space.
Preview
— See what the published page will look like.
Convert to live doc
- Convert your draft to a live doc that can be edited and collaborated on seamlessly without having to publish or update changes.
View changes
— See the changes to the page between the previously published version and now. This will also let you see a summary of the changes which have happened during a collaborative editing session.
Move
– Change the location of a page within a space, or from one space to another.
Revert to previous version
— Lets you close the page and discard any changes that were made since the last published version.
Archive -
Archive or delete your page with ease.
You can also open the Publish or Update modal anytime using a keyboard shortcut!
Mac
— command + Shift + Enter
Windows
— Ctrl + Shift + Enter
Page versions and history
Version control is useful when you've got numerous people working on the same page. You can see how the page has changed over time, with each successive publish. You can also revert back to an old version if you decide you don't like some of the recent changes.
To delete a version of a page:
Go to the page and select
> Version history
Select
Delete
next to the version you want to delete
Once you've deleted a version, the other versions will be re-numbered. For example, if you delete version 2, version 3 becomes the new version 2.
Deleting a page version is permanent. It won't be moved to the trash, so you can't restore a deleted version.
To restore a version of a page:
Go to the page and select
> Version history
Select
Restore this version
beside the version you want to restore (or at the top of the page if you've opened the version)
Change the default change comment if necessary, and select
OK
All page history is retained, so if you decide to restore an old version, it won't delete any of the versions that came after it. Instead, Confluence creates a copy of that old version as the latest version.
Comparing versions
Want to see what's changed between versions? Use the comparison view to help you figure it out.
Go to the page and select
> Version history
Select the versions you want to compare by selecting the check boxes beside them
Select
Compare selected versions
You'll see the page comparison view showing the differences between the selected versions. To make the changes more distinguishable, all large sections of unchanged text are hidden and reduced to an ellipsis (
).
Editing and unpublished changes
If you want to edit a published page, you can select
edit
, or just type
E
to open the editor. As with a draft, autosave retains these changes, and you can get back to them by editing the page again.
Anyone else who edits that page also sees your unpublished changes. If you're concerned about this, add
editing restrictions
to the page until you're ready to update with those changes.
While a page has unpublished edits, Confluence displays an
unpublished changes
badge next to the page title
,
to remind you to publish. This only displays for people who've made unpublished changes, so you needn't worry about the badge distracting your viewers.
We recommend updating frequently; each time you update, Confluence creates a new version of your page or blog, which not only means that it's easier to track changes over time, but it's also easy to revert back to a previous version if you ever need.
View unpublished changes
Want to know what's changed since a page was last updated? Select
> View changes
.
Delete unpublished changes
If you're working on a page with unpublished changes and decide you no longer need them, you can discard them by selecting
> Revert to previous version
.
After giving you a chance to see what was changed, reverting immediately deletes those changes and restores the previous version. Those changes are gone for good and can't be recovered.
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
It wasn't accurate
It wasn't clear
It wasn't relevant
Provide feedback about this article
Still need help?
The Atlassian Community is here for you.
Ask the Community
Create and edit content
Draft, publish, and update a page
Create and collaborate in real time with live docs
Format a page, live doc, or blog post with a template
Format your content
Format text
Show more
On this page
Creating content
Creating content from the sidebar
Move a page
Collaborative editing
Drafts
Who can see your draft?
Delete a draft
Publish and update
Schedule publish
Publish as page or blog post
Update
More actions
Page versions and history
Comparing versions
Editing and unpublished changes
View unpublished changes
Delete unpublished changes
Community
Questions, discussions, and articles
Accessibility
Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security
2025
Atlassian