URL: https://support.atlassian.com/confluence-cloud/docs/database-fields/

Database fields | Confluence Cloud | Atlassian Support
Skip to main content
Confluence Support
Products
Documentation
Resources
Contact us
Sign in
Sign in
Confluence Cloud
Documentation
Considering Confluence Cloud?
Confluence Cloud functionality and features
What is Confluence Cloud?
Learn about the features of Confluence Cloud plans
Confluence Standard
See how teams use Confluence Cloud
Use Confluence for technical documentation
Use Confluence for software teams
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Navigate around Confluence
What is the new navigation in Confluence?
Use For you to jump into work and see what's happening
Confluence navigation
View written content
Use spaces to organize your work
What is a space?
Create a space
Customize your personal space
Navigate spaces
Organize your space
Find content in a space
Customize your space's overview
Use labels to categorize spaces
Delete or disable a template
Find content in Confluence Cloud
Search for content
Search for people and teams
Confluence search syntax
Discover relevant content with related content
Use Atlassian Intelligence to search for answers
Create and edit content
Draft, publish, and update a page
Create and collaborate in real time with live docs
Format a page, live doc, or blog post with a template
Format your content
Format text
Create and manage layouts
Use symbols, emojis, and special characters
Keyboard shortcuts and autocomplete
Available markdown commands
Simplify data with tables
Charts and connected data
Work with images, videos, and files
Use Atlassian Intelligence to help write or edit content
Bring all your work into Confluence
Insert links and anchors
Get started with Smart Links in the content tree
What data is sent and received when pasting a Smart Link?
Insert and manage links on your pages and live docs
Add elements to a page or live doc
Transfer ownership of your content item
Add a status to your content
Make your content and its title more memorable
Import external documents
Classify content
How redaction works
Learn about the Atlassian cloud editor
Convert pages to the cloud editor
Keep content organized
Take quick action from the content title
Use labels to organize content and attachments
Move, copy, and hide content items
Archive content items
Restore archived items to the content tree
Delete, restore, or purge a content item
Save a page, live doc, or other content item for later
Use folders to organize your work
Upload and manage files
Upload a file
Display files and images
Manage uploaded files
Share and comment on files
Present your content with Presenter mode
Atlassian Intelligence features in Confluence Cloud
Search for answers using Atlassian Intelligence
Write or edit content using Atlassian Intelligence
Define terms using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Atlassian Intelligence with Confluence automation
Learn about pre-defined prompts in Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a page, live doc, or blog using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize comments using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize changes with Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a whiteboard using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Rovo to listen to audio briefings of Confluence content
Use Loom in Confluence Cloud
Create and edit whiteboards
Getting started with Confluence whiteboards
Create a new whiteboard
Navigation tools in whiteboards
Organize and explore ideas with sticky notes
Use shapes to visualize ideas
Add and edit text on whiteboards
Build flows and diagrams with flows and connectors
Inserting links to your whiteboard
Use sections to organize your work
Add and edit images on whiteboards
Add the feels with stamps and stickers
Use a template to get started fast
Keep on track with the timer
Hide collaborator cursors
Integrate whiteboards into your Atlassian workflow
Link Jira issues from your whiteboard
Take bulk Jira actions with smart sections
Set your whiteboard preferences
Import Figjam boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Miro boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Mural boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Jamboard whiteboards in Confluence whiteboards
Export your whiteboard
Collaboration limits on whiteboards
What Confluence whiteboards don't support
Whiteboards impact on third-party apps
Understand Confluence whiteboards plans and features
Browser support and settings for whiteboards
Atlassian Intelligence in Confluence whiteboards
Draw freeform lines with pen
Private mode in whiteboards
Voting in whiteboards
Whiteboard version history
Create and edit databases
Get started with Confluence databases
Database tour
Create a database
Database fields
Share databases, entries, or values
Database views
Layouts and options
Filter your data
Sort fields
Hide fields in your database
Import data into your database
Export your database data
Duplicate a database setup
Lock your database structure
What Confluence databases don't support
Database impact on third-party apps
Database version history
Perform simple calculations on your data
Export content from Confluence Cloud
Wide tables may be cut off in PDF export
Cases where PDF Export may revert to using legacy exporter
Get to know the new and simplified content layout
How to use the new toolbar and insert elements
Import data from other tools into Confluence
FAQ import data from HTML to Confluence
FAQ import data from Notion to Confluence
Import data from HTML to Confluence
Import data from Notion into Confluence
Import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from HTML to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from Notion to Confluence
Troubleshooting import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Review macros only available in the legacy editor
Insert the cheese macro
Insert the column macro
Insert the content by user macro
Insert the create space button macro
Insert the favorite pages macro
Insert the global reports macro
Insert the info, tip, note, and warning macros
Insert the JUnit report macro
Insert the noformat macro
Insert the panel macro
Insert the recently used labels macro
Insert the search results macro
Insert the section macro
Insert the space attachments macro
Insert the space details macro
Insert the status macro
Insert the code block macro
Insert the gallery macro
Insert the Google Drive macro
Insert the lorem ipsum macro
Insert the multimedia macro
Insert the navigation map macro
Insert the network macro
Insert the PDF macro
The Confluence legacy editor
FAQ: Understanding legacy editor deprecation
Convert legacy editor pages
Differences using Confluence legacy editor and cloud editor
The legacy content macro
Collaborate on content and get notified in Confluence Cloud
Collaborate on content
Create a network of users
Add a reaction to any content
Mention a person or team
Share Confluence content
Comment on pages, live docs, whiteboards, and blog posts
Watch pages, live docs, spaces, whiteboards, and blogs
Add people to Confluence from Google, Slack, or Microsoft
What can guests see and do in Confluence?
Share content externally with public links
Get notified about content and activity
View your notifications
Subscribe to email updates
What is a Confluence RSS feed?
Build an RSS feed
Subscribe to pre-specified RSS feeds
Subscribe to a network RSS feed
Celebrate your work with Confluence Recap
View Confluence analytics to see how content is performing
View insights on your site
View insights on spaces
Content insights and analytics
Turn on privacy mode for analytics data
Manage your account and permissions in Confluence Cloud
Manage your account
Edit your profile
Edit your user settings
Change your Confluence password
Manage OAuth access tokens
Delete your account
Change your theme
Set your email visibility
Manage permissions at the content level
Change who can find content and what they can do with it
Confluence permissions structure
Troubleshoot access problems to content
What is a Confluence group?
Extend the functionality of Confluence Cloud
Use Team Calendars for Confluence (Premium feature)
Subscribe to Team Calendars from third-party calendars
Getting started with team calendars
Add events
Add Jira events
See standard event types
Add and delete custom event types
Add reminders to events
Embed calendars on Confluence content
Watch a calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Thunderbird
Subscribe to Google Calendars from Confluence
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Microsoft Outlook
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple iOS Calendar
Export to other calendars
Set system properties
Team Calendars FAQs
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar (Android)
Use Company Hub to deliver key information to employees
Create and customize a Company Hub
Manage your Company Hub
Set up a menu of important links on Company Hub
Use sections to enhance and highlight your Company Hub content
Highlight important messages with a visual spotlight
Add a rotating set of frames to your Company Hub
Use cards to add beautiful dynamic content to Company Hub
Curate search results in Company Hub
Use Confluence with other applications
Use Slack and Confluence together
Use Jira and Confluence together
Use Trello and Confluence together
Use Microsoft Teams and Confluence together
Use macros to show Confluence content on pages and live docs
What are macros?
Learn which macros are being removed
Insert the attachments macro
Insert the blog posts macro
Insert the change history macro
Insert the child items macro
Insert the filter by label macro
Insert the content report table macro
Insert the contributors macro
Insert the contributors summary macro
Insert the create from template macro
Insert the decision report macro
Insert the excerpt macro
Add excerpts to a page or live doc with the insert excerpt macro
Insert the include content macro
Insert the labels list macro
Insert the popular labels macro
Insert the profile picture macro
Insert the recent updates macro
Insert the recently updated dashboard macro
Insert the related labels macro
Insert the spaces list macro
Insert the task report macro
Insert the user profile macro
Legacy editor content in the cloud editor
Use macros to add development info on Confluence pages
Display Jira work items in a list
Insert the Jira chart macro
Insert the Jira timeline macro
Display your Assets data on a Confluence page
Use macros to include media on Confluence pages
Insert Microsoft Office macros
Insert the widget connector macro
Use macros to add navigation on Confluence pages
Insert the anchor link macro
Insert the Live Search macro
Insert the Page Index macro
Insert the content tree macro
Insert the page tree search macro
Insert the table of contents macro
Insert the table of content zone macro
Use macros to add reporting info to Confluence pages
Insert the content properties macro
Insert the content properties report macro
Insert the user list macro
Use macros to add visuals and images to Confluence pages
Insert the chart macro
Insert the iFrame macro
Insert the roadmap planner macro
Add a trio of dynamic frames to your content with Carousel
Display beautiful, dynamic content on your page or live doc with Cards
Insert the expand macro
Use gadgets to add dynamic content
Add the activity stream gadget
Use Questions for Confluence
Install Questions for Confluence
Ask a question
Watch and edit topics
What are votes and experts?
Admin settings for Questions for Confluence
Use automation for Confluence
Learn about macros on Confluence mobile
Space administration
Set space-specific functionality
Additional PDF export settings
Advanced PDF export customizations
Set a default classification level for content
Manage permissions at the space level
What are space permissions?
Copy space permissions
Assign space permissions
Make a space public with anonymous access
Assign Questions for Confluence permissions
Manage content in a space
Clean up a space with the content manager
Transfer content item ownership from one user to another
Manage page watchers
Export a space's content as Word, PDF, or data files
Remove a space
Archive a space
Delete a space
Create templates, blueprints, and reports
Create a template
Edit a template
Promote a template
Create a custom report
Manage team calendars
Delete or remove a calendar
Restrict a calendar
Manage Questions for Confluence
Get started with Questions for Confluence
Administer questions
Integrate questions with your spaces
Customize your space
Apply a theme to a space
Change the space name and logo
Edit features for a space
Confluence administration
Get started as Confluence Cloud administrator
Set Confluence-wide functionality
Control whether spaces can allow public links
Control whether spaces can turn on anonymous access
Change the landing page
Change the Confluence Home welcome message
Create a custom space overview template
Turn off page reactions
Customize layout for PDF exports in Confluence Cloud
Convert legacy editor pages in all spaces
Configure live docs in Confluence
Monitor and manage activity in Confluence Cloud
Act on insights from mission control
Download a spaces report
View the audit log
Premium admin tools for Confluence Cloud
Post Confluence-wide announcements in a banner
Inspect a user's permissions
Bypass page restrictions with admin key
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Manage global permissions
Assign space access to guests
Manage public links across Confluence Cloud
How secure are public links?
Give access to unlicensed users from Jira Service Management
Manage analytics permissions in Confluence administration
Control which groups can use analytics
Manage Confluence content templates
Create a global content template
Edit a global content template
Install a global blueprint
Manage global content templates and blueprints
Configuration settings in Confluence Cloud
Change the site title
Configure the administrator contact page
Choose a default language
Configure the indexing language
Configure time and date formats
Configure number formats
Configure attachment size
Configure shortcut links
Install a custom language font for PDF exports
Confluence wiki markup syntax for the legacy editor
Customize the email domain sending Confluence emails
Security settings in Confluence Cloud
Hide external links from search engines
Disable anonymous access to remote API
Turn on Captcha for spam prevention or failed logins
Look and feel settings in Confluence Cloud
Install a theme
Set the default theme
Customize the navigation colors
Change your site and space logos
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Import a Confluence Cloud space
Export a data backup file of your instance
Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites
Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center
Atlassian Marketplace apps
Manage your apps
Status page: Live docs + Marketplace apps
Confluence automation administration
Confluence automation
Confluence automation usage
Atlassian administration for Confluence Cloud
Actions that require an organization or site admin
Manage your storage usage
Invite guests to Confluence
Removing users and downgrading to Confluence Free
Adjust permissions before downgrading to Confluence Free
What happens when an account is deactivated vs. deleted?
Atlassian Support
Confluence
Resources
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Create and edit databases
Cloud
Data Center
Database fields
Databases aren’t available in the
Atlassian Government environment
.
Database fields add context to your database entries, like dates, owners, URLs, etc. Use these fields to store,  filter, sort, and search your data
Manage fields
To manage the fields of a database, select the
Table
layout. From there, you can:
Add a new field: Select
+
in the top right of the database table, then select a field type and give your field a name.
Insert a field: Select
:::
on a field and select
Insert column before
or
Insert column after.
Then select a field type and give your field a name.
Duplicate a field:  Select
:::
on a field and select
Duplicate
.
Delete a field: Select
:::
on a field and select
Delete
.
Rearrange properties: Drag
:::
on a field
to put your fields in a different order.
You can hold the
Shift
key to select multiple fields.
Edit a field: Hover over the field and select
⋮
next to the field name, then select
Edit field
.
To sort or filter a field, Hover over it and select
⋮
next to the field name, then select from the sort and filter options.
What each field does
Each field type in your database serves a unique purpose, allowing you to tailor your entries with specific types of data, such as text, numbers, dates, and links. Understanding what each field does and the options available for customization will help you efficiently organize and utilize your database to its fullest potential.
Basic fields
Basic fields are the fundamental building blocks of your database, designed to capture essential information such as text, images, numbers, and dates. These fields provide the foundation for organizing and categorizing your data effectively.
Text
The text field is best for summaries or descriptions. For example, describing what a project is about.
Image
Within the image field, you can add visual assets to your database. For example, logos or pictures of team members. You can drag a file from your computer into the property to upload it.
Number
The number field is for values that should only contain numbers in a consistent format—for example, the expected project costs in dollars.
Field options
Description
Format
The format configuration controls how numbers are displayed once entered. You can select from three preset formats:
Number, Percent,
and
Currency
.
For more customization, you can also adjust
Decimal places
Thousands and decimal separators
These options allow you to tailor the number display format to meet your specific needs.
Date
The date field type lets you add dates to entries.
Tag
Tags offer a configurable list of predefined options to select from. This lets you describe entries in more detail with keywords. These keywords can then be assigned to specific categories such as teams. Tags are also used to define columns when using the board layout for your database.
Field options
Description
Add item
Use this option to create selectable tabs.
To customize the color of these tags, select the colored square next to the tag and select your desired color.
Enable multi select
You can enable this option to enter multiple tags per entry.
User
The user field type adds specific people to each entry.
Field options
Description
Send notification to mentioned user
You can disable this option if you do not wish to notify mentioned users.
Enable multi select
You can enable this option to enter multiple users per entry.
Link
Connect entries to external links outside of Confluence. You can link articles or pages from other tools to your Confluence database.
Field options
Description
Automatic link text
Controls how link text is generated:
Enabled:
Link text automatically pulled from the linked webpage's title (improves readability).
Disabled (default):
Link text displays as the full URL.
Titles may not always be clear. Consider manually editing link text for better clarity.
Enable multi select
You can enable this option to enter multiple links per entry.
Page and live doc fields
Page and live doc fields allow you to integrate Confluence pages and live docs directly into your database entries, providing a smooth way to link, display, and manage detailed content. These fields enable you to connect entries with existing pages and live docs, create new pages and docs on the fly, and display various metadata, enhancing the contextual richness of your database.
Page or live doc link
Page and live doc link fields allow you to link entries to existing Confluence pages and live docs or create new ones on the fly. For example, when managing projects, you can connect and create a more detailed, project-specific page or doc with each project entry directly in the database.
Field options
Description
Enable page creation
Enable this option to create new pages and live docs from the page and live doc link field. Once enabled, you can configure additional settings to define the location and content of these new items.
Parent item
Select where newly created items are placed. Select a single parent item for all new pages.
Initial content
Define the starting content for new pages and live docs:
None:
Pages and live docs are created empty.
Database entry on page or doc:
Inserts the database entry at the top, providing an overview of the linked entry's fields.
Templates:
Choose a Confluence template or blueprint as the starting content.
Enable multi select
You can enable this option to link multiple items in one entry.
Page or live doc status
You can reference defined content statuses in Confluence and display the status of the Confluence page or doc linked in the page and live doc link field.
Field options
Description
Page and live doc link
Select the link field for which page or live doc to display the status.
Enable status editing
You can enable status editing here if you would like to edit the content status dynamically in the database.
Page and live doc label
The label field type displays all labels of a page or live doc referenced in the database with the page and live doc link field.
Field options
Description
Page and live doc link
Select the link field for which page or live doc to display the labels.
Enable label editing
You can enable status editing here if you would like to edit the labels dynamically in the database.
Page and live doc details
The details field enables you to display the metadata of a linked Confluence page or live doc. For example, to show who created this page or doc and when or to display rich text from your excerpt macro.
Field options
Description
Page and live doc link
Select the link field for which page or doc to display the details.
Display detail
Select the type of page metadata to display in your database:
Created at
– Display the date the page or doc was created.
Created by
– Display the user the page or doc was created by.
Last updated at
– Display the date the page or doc was last updated at.
Last updated by
– Display the user the page or doc was last updated by.
Excerpt content
– Display content from the first excerpt macro on the page.
Version number
– Displays the current version number of the page or doc.
Include version comment
– Display any comment created during the last update.
All values shown in this field are read-only. They update dynamically once the metadata on the page or doc changes.
Jira fields
Jira fields enable smooth integration with Jira, allowing you to link entries and display related Jira data dynamically. These fields enhance your database's functionality by connecting to Jira work items, providing a comprehensive view of interconnected information.
Jira work item field
Fields in Jira work items allow you to link your database entry to one or multiple Jira work items. For example, if your team uses Jira to track their development efforts, you can use the Jira work item field to create a simple roadmap in Confluence.
Field options
Description
Jira instance
Select a connected Jira instance to link to.
Enable mulit select
You can enable this option to link multiple Jira work items in one entry.
Jira work items details field
The details field in Jira work items enables you to display Jira field details from a linked Jira work item in the same entry. For example, if you have linked a Jira work item in your entry, you can display its assignee in your Database. If the assignee is changed in Jira, it will automatically be updated in your Database.
Field options
Description
Jira work item details
Select a field in a Jira work item as a reference for the field details you want to show. You must have a Jira work item field added to your database.
Jira field
Select which field from the linked Jira instance you want to display in your database. Note that values in this field will be read-only, and they can only be edited from Jira.
By default, only standard Jira fields show. To use custom fields, type the text field name into the select field.
Other database fields
Other database fields allow you to establish connections between different databases, enabling you to link entries, display related details, and maintain a cohesive network of interconnected data across multiple databases.
Entry link
The entry link field allows you to link to entries from another database. For example, if you have a customer database and a database for customer projects, you can link a customer project in one database with a customer from the other.
Field options
Description
Database
Select or paste the link for the database you want to reference.
The linked entries are then displayed based on the name of their title field in their original database. Databases without a title field will show entries as ‘Unnamed entry’
Enable multi select
You can enable this option to link multiple entry links in one entry.
Entry details
The entry link details field lets you look up values from another database. The entry link details field automatically inserts all values of a chosen field from a different database based on your added entry field.
For example, if you have connected the two databases described in the entry link field, you can then reference all entries for a chosen field from the customer database within the customer projects database, for example, the people location.
Field options
Description
Entry link
Select an entry link field as a reference base to look up values.
For this option you need to already have an entry link field in your database, referencing the entries from another database.
Entry value
After adding the referenced entry link, select which field values you want to display. The values from this field will be automatically inserted into the current database.
Entry backlink
The backlink field is the complementary field type to the entry link field. Adding a backlink field to your database displays where the respective entry is referenced in an entry link in another database. For example, this can be useful when you connect two databases reciprocally; for instance, you want involved people to be displayed in the projects database and see which projects a customer is part of.
Field options
Description
Database
Select or paste the link to the database you want to scan for references to the individual entry. The references are then displayed for each entry.
Display
Select
As number
if you want to show how often the entry is referenced in the other database.
Select
As link
to show the specific entries, where the currently edited entry is referenced.
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
It wasn't accurate
It wasn't clear
It wasn't relevant
Provide feedback about this article
Still need help?
The Atlassian Community is here for you.
Ask the Community
Create and edit databases
Show more
Database tour
Create a database
Database fields
Share databases, entries, or values
Database views
Show more
On this page
Manage fields
What each field does
Basic fields
Page and live doc fields
Jira fields
Other database fields
Community
Questions, discussions, and articles
Accessibility
Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security
2025
Atlassian