URL: https://support.atlassian.com/confluence-cloud/docs/customize-exports-to-pdf/

Customize layout for PDF exports in Confluence Cloud | Confluence Cloud | Atlassian Support
Skip to main content
Confluence Support
Products
Documentation
Resources
Contact us
Sign in
Sign in
Confluence Cloud
Documentation
Considering Confluence Cloud?
Confluence Cloud functionality and features
What is Confluence Cloud?
Learn about the features of Confluence Cloud plans
Confluence Standard
See how teams use Confluence Cloud
Use Confluence for technical documentation
Use Confluence for software teams
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Navigate around Confluence
What is the new navigation in Confluence?
Use For you to jump into work and see what's happening
Confluence navigation
View written content
Use spaces to organize your work
What is a space?
Create a space
Customize your personal space
Navigate spaces
Organize your space
Find content in a space
Customize your space's overview
Use labels to categorize spaces
Delete or disable a template
Find content in Confluence Cloud
Search for content
Search for people and teams
Confluence search syntax
Discover relevant content with related content
Use Atlassian Intelligence to search for answers
Create and edit content
Draft, publish, and update a page
Create and collaborate in real time with live docs
Format a page, live doc, or blog post with a template
Format your content
Format text
Create and manage layouts
Use symbols, emojis, and special characters
Keyboard shortcuts and autocomplete
Available markdown commands
Simplify data with tables
Charts and connected data
Work with images, videos, and files
Use Atlassian Intelligence to help write or edit content
Bring all your work into Confluence
Insert links and anchors
Get started with Smart Links in the content tree
What data is sent and received when pasting a Smart Link?
Insert and manage links on your pages and live docs
Add elements to a page or live doc
Transfer ownership of your content item
Add a status to your content
Make your content and its title more memorable
Import external documents
Classify content
How redaction works
Learn about the Atlassian cloud editor
Convert pages to the cloud editor
Keep content organized
Take quick action from the content title
Use labels to organize content and attachments
Move, copy, and hide content items
Archive content items
Restore archived items to the content tree
Delete, restore, or purge a content item
Save a page, live doc, or other content item for later
Use folders to organize your work
Upload and manage files
Upload a file
Display files and images
Manage uploaded files
Share and comment on files
Present your content with Presenter mode
Atlassian Intelligence features in Confluence Cloud
Search for answers using Atlassian Intelligence
Write or edit content using Atlassian Intelligence
Define terms using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Atlassian Intelligence with Confluence automation
Learn about pre-defined prompts in Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a page, live doc, or blog using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize comments using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize changes with Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a whiteboard using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Rovo to listen to audio briefings of Confluence content
Use Loom in Confluence Cloud
Create and edit whiteboards
Getting started with Confluence whiteboards
Create a new whiteboard
Navigation tools in whiteboards
Organize and explore ideas with sticky notes
Use shapes to visualize ideas
Add and edit text on whiteboards
Build flows and diagrams with flows and connectors
Inserting links to your whiteboard
Use sections to organize your work
Add and edit images on whiteboards
Add the feels with stamps and stickers
Use a template to get started fast
Keep on track with the timer
Hide collaborator cursors
Integrate whiteboards into your Atlassian workflow
Link Jira issues from your whiteboard
Take bulk Jira actions with smart sections
Set your whiteboard preferences
Import Figjam boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Miro boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Mural boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Jamboard whiteboards in Confluence whiteboards
Export your whiteboard
Collaboration limits on whiteboards
What Confluence whiteboards don't support
Whiteboards impact on third-party apps
Understand Confluence whiteboards plans and features
Browser support and settings for whiteboards
Atlassian Intelligence in Confluence whiteboards
Draw freeform lines with pen
Private mode in whiteboards
Voting in whiteboards
Whiteboard version history
Create and edit databases
Get started with Confluence databases
Database tour
Create a database
Database fields
Share databases, entries, or values
Database views
Layouts and options
Filter your data
Sort fields
Hide fields in your database
Import data into your database
Export your database data
Duplicate a database setup
Lock your database structure
What Confluence databases don't support
Database impact on third-party apps
Database version history
Perform simple calculations on your data
Export content from Confluence Cloud
Wide tables may be cut off in PDF export
Cases where PDF Export may revert to using legacy exporter
Get to know the new and simplified content layout
How to use the new toolbar and insert elements
Import data from other tools into Confluence
FAQ import data from HTML to Confluence
FAQ import data from Notion to Confluence
Import data from HTML to Confluence
Import data from Notion into Confluence
Import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from HTML to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from Notion to Confluence
Troubleshooting import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Review macros only available in the legacy editor
Insert the cheese macro
Insert the column macro
Insert the content by user macro
Insert the create space button macro
Insert the favorite pages macro
Insert the global reports macro
Insert the info, tip, note, and warning macros
Insert the JUnit report macro
Insert the noformat macro
Insert the panel macro
Insert the recently used labels macro
Insert the search results macro
Insert the section macro
Insert the space attachments macro
Insert the space details macro
Insert the status macro
Insert the code block macro
Insert the gallery macro
Insert the Google Drive macro
Insert the lorem ipsum macro
Insert the multimedia macro
Insert the navigation map macro
Insert the network macro
Insert the PDF macro
The Confluence legacy editor
FAQ: Understanding legacy editor deprecation
Convert legacy editor pages
Differences using Confluence legacy editor and cloud editor
The legacy content macro
Collaborate on content and get notified in Confluence Cloud
Collaborate on content
Create a network of users
Add a reaction to any content
Mention a person or team
Share Confluence content
Comment on pages, live docs, whiteboards, and blog posts
Watch pages, live docs, spaces, whiteboards, and blogs
Add people to Confluence from Google, Slack, or Microsoft
What can guests see and do in Confluence?
Share content externally with public links
Get notified about content and activity
View your notifications
Subscribe to email updates
What is a Confluence RSS feed?
Build an RSS feed
Subscribe to pre-specified RSS feeds
Subscribe to a network RSS feed
Celebrate your work with Confluence Recap
View Confluence analytics to see how content is performing
View insights on your site
View insights on spaces
Content insights and analytics
Turn on privacy mode for analytics data
Manage your account and permissions in Confluence Cloud
Manage your account
Edit your profile
Edit your user settings
Change your Confluence password
Manage OAuth access tokens
Delete your account
Change your theme
Set your email visibility
Manage permissions at the content level
Change who can find content and what they can do with it
Confluence permissions structure
Troubleshoot access problems to content
What is a Confluence group?
Extend the functionality of Confluence Cloud
Use Team Calendars for Confluence (Premium feature)
Subscribe to Team Calendars from third-party calendars
Getting started with team calendars
Add events
Add Jira events
See standard event types
Add and delete custom event types
Add reminders to events
Embed calendars on Confluence content
Watch a calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Thunderbird
Subscribe to Google Calendars from Confluence
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Microsoft Outlook
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple iOS Calendar
Export to other calendars
Set system properties
Team Calendars FAQs
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar (Android)
Use Company Hub to deliver key information to employees
Create and customize a Company Hub
Manage your Company Hub
Set up a menu of important links on Company Hub
Use sections to enhance and highlight your Company Hub content
Highlight important messages with a visual spotlight
Add a rotating set of frames to your Company Hub
Use cards to add beautiful dynamic content to Company Hub
Curate search results in Company Hub
Use Confluence with other applications
Use Slack and Confluence together
Use Jira and Confluence together
Use Trello and Confluence together
Use Microsoft Teams and Confluence together
Use macros to show Confluence content on pages and live docs
What are macros?
Learn which macros are being removed
Insert the attachments macro
Insert the blog posts macro
Insert the change history macro
Insert the child items macro
Insert the filter by label macro
Insert the content report table macro
Insert the contributors macro
Insert the contributors summary macro
Insert the create from template macro
Insert the decision report macro
Insert the excerpt macro
Add excerpts to a page or live doc with the insert excerpt macro
Insert the include content macro
Insert the labels list macro
Insert the popular labels macro
Insert the profile picture macro
Insert the recent updates macro
Insert the recently updated dashboard macro
Insert the related labels macro
Insert the spaces list macro
Insert the task report macro
Insert the user profile macro
Legacy editor content in the cloud editor
Use macros to add development info on Confluence pages
Display Jira work items in a list
Insert the Jira chart macro
Insert the Jira timeline macro
Display your Assets data on a Confluence page
Use macros to include media on Confluence pages
Insert Microsoft Office macros
Insert the widget connector macro
Use macros to add navigation on Confluence pages
Insert the anchor link macro
Insert the Live Search macro
Insert the Page Index macro
Insert the content tree macro
Insert the page tree search macro
Insert the table of contents macro
Insert the table of content zone macro
Use macros to add reporting info to Confluence pages
Insert the content properties macro
Insert the content properties report macro
Insert the user list macro
Use macros to add visuals and images to Confluence pages
Insert the chart macro
Insert the iFrame macro
Insert the roadmap planner macro
Add a trio of dynamic frames to your content with Carousel
Display beautiful, dynamic content on your page or live doc with Cards
Insert the expand macro
Use gadgets to add dynamic content
Add the activity stream gadget
Use Questions for Confluence
Install Questions for Confluence
Ask a question
Watch and edit topics
What are votes and experts?
Admin settings for Questions for Confluence
Use automation for Confluence
Learn about macros on Confluence mobile
Space administration
Set space-specific functionality
Additional PDF export settings
Advanced PDF export customizations
Set a default classification level for content
Manage permissions at the space level
What are space permissions?
Copy space permissions
Assign space permissions
Make a space public with anonymous access
Assign Questions for Confluence permissions
Manage content in a space
Clean up a space with the content manager
Transfer content item ownership from one user to another
Manage page watchers
Export a space's content as Word, PDF, or data files
Remove a space
Archive a space
Delete a space
Create templates, blueprints, and reports
Create a template
Edit a template
Promote a template
Create a custom report
Manage team calendars
Delete or remove a calendar
Restrict a calendar
Manage Questions for Confluence
Get started with Questions for Confluence
Administer questions
Integrate questions with your spaces
Customize your space
Apply a theme to a space
Change the space name and logo
Edit features for a space
Confluence administration
Get started as Confluence Cloud administrator
Set Confluence-wide functionality
Control whether spaces can allow public links
Control whether spaces can turn on anonymous access
Change the landing page
Change the Confluence Home welcome message
Create a custom space overview template
Turn off page reactions
Customize layout for PDF exports in Confluence Cloud
Convert legacy editor pages in all spaces
Configure live docs in Confluence
Monitor and manage activity in Confluence Cloud
Act on insights from mission control
Download a spaces report
View the audit log
Premium admin tools for Confluence Cloud
Post Confluence-wide announcements in a banner
Inspect a user's permissions
Bypass page restrictions with admin key
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Manage global permissions
Assign space access to guests
Manage public links across Confluence Cloud
How secure are public links?
Give access to unlicensed users from Jira Service Management
Manage analytics permissions in Confluence administration
Control which groups can use analytics
Manage Confluence content templates
Create a global content template
Edit a global content template
Install a global blueprint
Manage global content templates and blueprints
Configuration settings in Confluence Cloud
Change the site title
Configure the administrator contact page
Choose a default language
Configure the indexing language
Configure time and date formats
Configure number formats
Configure attachment size
Configure shortcut links
Install a custom language font for PDF exports
Confluence wiki markup syntax for the legacy editor
Customize the email domain sending Confluence emails
Security settings in Confluence Cloud
Hide external links from search engines
Disable anonymous access to remote API
Turn on Captcha for spam prevention or failed logins
Look and feel settings in Confluence Cloud
Install a theme
Set the default theme
Customize the navigation colors
Change your site and space logos
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Import a Confluence Cloud space
Export a data backup file of your instance
Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites
Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center
Atlassian Marketplace apps
Manage your apps
Status page: Live docs + Marketplace apps
Confluence automation administration
Confluence automation
Confluence automation usage
Atlassian administration for Confluence Cloud
Actions that require an organization or site admin
Manage your storage usage
Invite guests to Confluence
Removing users and downgrading to Confluence Free
Adjust permissions before downgrading to Confluence Free
What happens when an account is deactivated vs. deleted?
Atlassian Support
Confluence
Resources
Confluence administration
Set Confluence-wide functionality
Cloud
Data Center
Customize layout for PDF exports in Confluence Cloud
Confluence and space admins can customize the PDF exports for individual spaces.
Considerations
PDF customizations use a combination of HTML and CSS
PDF customizations are unique to each space
PDF customization only applies to space exports (not single page exports via
More actions (
) >
Export > Export to PDF
)
To achieve a particular requirement in the exported PDF file, you make changes to the following:
The layout in
PDF export
, where HTML is used to define the structure of the exported content, including features such as the title page, headers and footers.
The
PDF stylesheet
, where CSS is used to define the style of elements in the exported content, such as page size and margins, font, color, and list numbering.
For further customizations, see the
Advanced PDF Export Customizations
page.
Customizing the PDF layout
Confluence admins can add their own HTML to customize the title page, page headers, and page footers in the PDF export output.
Setting a global PDF layout:
Select the wheel icon (
) in the top-right corner to open Confluence administration.
Find
Settings
>
Look and feel
in the left-hand navigation.
Select
PDF export
.
Select
Edit.
Enter your customizations in the Title, Header, and Footer fields.
You can enter HTML and CSS that will be rendered on the PDF title page, as well as page headers and footers.
Select
Save
.
Setting the PDF layout at space level:
Go to the space in Confluence Cloud.
Next to your space's name in the sidebar, select
More actions
(•••), then
Space settings
.
Open the
Look and Feel
menu
and select
PDF export
.
You'll need
space admin permission
to do this.
Add HTML to customize the Title, Header, and/or Footer fields.
You can include inline CSS in the HTML.
Select
Save
.
Customizing the PDF stylesheet
You can adjust the appearance of the PDF pages by customizing the CSS in the PDF stylesheet field.
To get started, download the default CSS rules for the PDF stylesheet:
confluencedefaultpdf.css
. Any rule defined in this file can be customized and added to the PDF Export Stylesheet field. Your customizations override any default CSS rule. If no customizations are defined, the default CSS rules are applied.
By default, the export doesn't include a title page, headers, or footers. You can define these in the PDF layout.
Setting a global PDF stylesheet
Select the wheel icon (
) in the top-right corner to open Confluence administration.
Find
Settings
>
Look and feel
in the left-hand navigation.
Select
PDF export
.
Select
Edit.
Enter your customizations in the
PDF stylesheet
field.
Add CSS to render the same content on each page.
Select
Save
.
Setting a space PDF Stylesheet
Go to the space in Confluence Cloud.
Next to your space's name in the sidebar, select
More actions
(•••), then
Space settings
.
Open the
Look and Feel
menu
and select
PDF export
You'll need
space admin permission
to do this.
Enter your customizations in the
PDF stylesheet
field.
Add CSS to render the same content on each page.
Select
Save
.
Example Customizations
This section provides examples of typical customizations you can add. You can also check out
Advanced PDF Customizations
.
Page Size
The default page size is based on the location of your Confluence instance. For example, if this instance is located in the US then the default paper size of your PDF export will be US Letter (8.5 inches wide by 11 inches long). If the instance is located in Australia, the default paper size will be A4 (210 mm wide by 297 mm long). More information about paper sizes can be found on
Wikipedia
.
To modify the page size to A4, edit the PDF Stylesheet to add a
size
property to the
CSS@page
rule, like this:
@media print {
@page {
size: A4;
}
}
or
@media print {
@page {
size: 8in 10in;
}
}
Page orientation: Landscape or Portrait
To change the page orientation of your PDF document, simply reverse the order of the values declared in the
@page
rule's
size
property. The first and second values of this property represent the width and height of the page, respectively.
For example, to generate PDF space exports in A4-sized landscape orientation, your
@page
rule might look like this:
@media print {
@page {
size: A4 landscape;
}
}
Page margins
To set all margins to 15 mm, with a paper size of A4, edit the
CSS @page
rule in the PDF Stylesheet, like this:
@media print {
@page {
margin: 11mm;
}
}
To set the margins independently, edit the
@page
rule as follows:
@media print {
@page {
margin-top: 1.5in;
margin-right: 0.5in;
margin-bottom: 1in;
margin-left: 0.5in;
}
}
To set margins to provide a gutter for binding a printed document, use the
:left
and
:right
pseudo-classes, as follows:
@media print {
@page {
margin-left: 4cm;
margin-right: 3cm;
}
@page :left {
margin-left: 4cm;
margin-right: 3cm;
}
@page :right {
margin-left: 3cm;
margin-right: 4cm;
}
@page :first {
margin-top: 10cm; /* Top margin on first page 10cm */
}
}
Note the use of the
:first
pseudo-class in the example above to define distinct margins for a cover or title page.
Page breaks
By default, Confluence pages are exported without page breaks, so that shorter pages will appear on the same PDF page.
To make each Confluence page appear on a separate page in the PDF file, add the following rule in the PDF Stylesheet:
.pagetitle {
page-break-before: always;
}
Title page
You can add a title page to your PDF document by adding HTML to the Title field of the PDF Layout. The following example creates the title page and adds a title:
<div style="margin: 0; padding: 0; height: 100%; display: flex; align-items: center; justify-content: center; font-family: Arial, sans-serif; width: 100%;">
<h1 style="font-size: 3em; color: #333;">Title Page</h1>
</div>
Use CSS rules in the PDF stylesheet field to control the appearance of the title page and the title text:
.fsTitlePage {
margin-left: auto;
margin-top: 50mm;
margin-right: auto;
page-break-after: always;
}
.fsTitle {
font-size: 42px;
font-weight: bold;
margin: 72px 0 4px 0;
text-align: center;
}
In the example above, the title page includes an image called "titlepage.png," centered in the middle of the page. The "590719" in the
src
attribute is the ID of the page to which the image is attached.
Follow these instructions to include an image on your title page:
Attach the image to a Confluence page
View the list of attachments on that page, then right-click the image and copy its location
Paste the link into the appropriate
src=""
attribute in your PDF Stylesheet as shown above
Edit the image URL so that it's relative by removing the first part of the URL before
/download/...
Table of contents
By default, a table of contents will be generated after the title page, or at the beginning of the PDF document if no title page is defined in the PDF Layout. To see the default CSS rules applied to the table of contents, download the default CSS rules (
confluencedefaultpdf.css
) and examine the specific rules with
toc
in their name.
To make changes to the appearance of the table of contents, define CSS rules in the PDF Stylesheet.
Disabling the table of contents
To prevent the table of contents from being generated in your PDF document, add the
div.toc-macro
rule to the PDF Stylesheet and set its
display
property to none:
div.toc-macro {
display: none;
}
Changing the leader character in the table of contents
The leader character is used to link a heading in the table of contents with its page number. By default, the leader character is the '.' (dot) character. Leader values of
dotted
,
solid
and
space
are allowed. You can also use a string, for example
leader(". . . ")
.
To change the leader character to a solid line, modify the
leader()
value on the
content
property of the CSS rule as follows:
span.toclead:before {
content: leader(solid);
}
Headers and footers
You can add headers and footers to your PDF pages using the
Header
and
Footer
fields in
PDF export
. By default, headers and footers only apply to a space export and not to exports of single pages (however, see
Advanced PDF Export Customizations
). The following example adds a simple copyright notice.
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: left; margin-left: 0.5in; font-size: 10px; height: 20px; overflow: hidden;">
<span style="font-weight: bold; font-size: 12px;">Your Custom Header Text Here</span>
</div>
Page numbering
To add page numbering, you need to combine customized HTML with customized CSS in the PDF stylesheet field.
Layout fields HTML: In the Footer section (or the Header section), use an empty span element with a unique ID, for example
pageNum,
to act as a placeholder for the page number.
<div style="width: 100%; text-align: center; font-size: 12px; padding: 10px; font-family: Arial, sans-serif;">
<span id="pageNum"></span>
</div>
PDF stylesheet CSS: Create the following CSS selector rule for the empty span:
#pageNum:before {
content: "Page " counter(page);
font-weight: bold;
font-size: 12px;
color: #333;
font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
}
Analyzing the above CSS selector rule in more detail:
The
#pageNum
rule selects the HTML element with the specified ID of "pageNum", which is the
span
element we created for the header or footer.
The
:before
part of the selector is a pseudo class that allows the insertion of content before the
span
element is processed.
The
counter(page)
is a function that returns the current page number as its content.
The
content
property tells the CSS processor that dynamic content (that is, an incrementing page number) is to be inserted at the span tag.
Wrapping long words
In order to break long words or words that are not separated by whitespace, add a selector to the PDF stylesheet containing the
word-wrap
property with a value of
break-word
:
div {
word-wrap: break-word;
}
General formatting
You can use the stylesheet to customize the output of just about anything else that will influence the look and feel of the final document. This includes fonts, tables, line spacing, macros, etc. The export engine works directly from the HTML output produced by Confluence. Therefore, the first step in customizing something is to find a selector for the HTML element produced by Confluence or the Confluence macro. Then add a CSS rule to the PDF stylesheet. Your customization will appear in the PDF export.
Demotion of heading elements:
h1
,
h2
, and so on. Due to the hierarchical manner in which a space is exported, Confluence will modify the heading elements to generate a uniform appearance for the entire space export. This means that headings will be demoted. This will affect the application of custom PDF Stylesheets. It is possible to calculate the amount by which a heading will be demoted in order to have the correct CSS styling applied. A heading will be demoted by the value of its depth in the export tree. A page at the first level will be demoted by 1 (all
<h1>
elements will become
<h2>
elements, and so on). A page at the second level will be demoted by 2, and so on.
Atlassian support for PDF customization is limited.
We support the mechanism for customizing the PDF layout with HTML and CSS, and we will help if the mechanism is broken or does not work as we say it should in our published examples. But, since custom HTML and CSS offer potentially limitless possibilities, Atlassian will not support issues that are caused by or related to PDF customizations.
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
It wasn't accurate
It wasn't clear
It wasn't relevant
Provide feedback about this article
Still need help?
The Atlassian Community is here for you.
Ask the Community
Set Confluence-wide functionality
Show more
Create a custom space overview template
Turn off page reactions
Customize layout for PDF exports in Confluence Cloud
Convert legacy editor pages in all spaces
Configure live docs in Confluence
On this page
Customizing the PDF layout
Setting a global PDF layout:
Setting the PDF layout at space level:
Customizing the PDF stylesheet
Setting a global PDF stylesheet
Setting a space PDF Stylesheet
Example Customizations
General formatting
Community
Questions, discussions, and articles
Accessibility
Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security
2025
Atlassian