URL: https://support.atlassian.com/confluence-cloud/docs/archive-pages/

Archive content items | Confluence Cloud | Atlassian Support
Skip to main content
Confluence Support
Products
Documentation
Resources
Contact us
Sign in
Sign in
Confluence Cloud
Documentation
Considering Confluence Cloud?
Confluence Cloud functionality and features
What is Confluence Cloud?
Learn about the features of Confluence Cloud plans
Confluence Standard
See how teams use Confluence Cloud
Use Confluence for technical documentation
Use Confluence for software teams
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Navigate around Confluence
What is the new navigation in Confluence?
Use For you to jump into work and see what's happening
Confluence navigation
View written content
Use spaces to organize your work
What is a space?
Create a space
Customize your personal space
Navigate spaces
Organize your space
Find content in a space
Customize your space's overview
Use labels to categorize spaces
Delete or disable a template
Find content in Confluence Cloud
Search for content
Search for people and teams
Confluence search syntax
Discover relevant content with related content
Use Atlassian Intelligence to search for answers
Create and edit content
Draft, publish, and update a page
Create and collaborate in real time with live docs
Format a page, live doc, or blog post with a template
Format your content
Format text
Create and manage layouts
Use symbols, emojis, and special characters
Keyboard shortcuts and autocomplete
Available markdown commands
Simplify data with tables
Charts and connected data
Work with images, videos, and files
Use Atlassian Intelligence to help write or edit content
Bring all your work into Confluence
Insert links and anchors
Get started with Smart Links in the content tree
What data is sent and received when pasting a Smart Link?
Insert and manage links on your pages and live docs
Add elements to a page or live doc
Transfer ownership of your content item
Add a status to your content
Make your content and its title more memorable
Import external documents
Classify content
How redaction works
Learn about the Atlassian cloud editor
Convert pages to the cloud editor
Keep content organized
Take quick action from the content title
Use labels to organize content and attachments
Move, copy, and hide content items
Archive content items
Restore archived items to the content tree
Delete, restore, or purge a content item
Save a page, live doc, or other content item for later
Use folders to organize your work
Upload and manage files
Upload a file
Display files and images
Manage uploaded files
Share and comment on files
Present your content with Presenter mode
Atlassian Intelligence features in Confluence Cloud
Search for answers using Atlassian Intelligence
Write or edit content using Atlassian Intelligence
Define terms using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Atlassian Intelligence with Confluence automation
Learn about pre-defined prompts in Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a page, live doc, or blog using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize comments using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize changes with Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a whiteboard using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Rovo to listen to audio briefings of Confluence content
Use Loom in Confluence Cloud
Create and edit whiteboards
Getting started with Confluence whiteboards
Create a new whiteboard
Navigation tools in whiteboards
Organize and explore ideas with sticky notes
Use shapes to visualize ideas
Add and edit text on whiteboards
Build flows and diagrams with flows and connectors
Inserting links to your whiteboard
Use sections to organize your work
Add and edit images on whiteboards
Add the feels with stamps and stickers
Use a template to get started fast
Keep on track with the timer
Hide collaborator cursors
Integrate whiteboards into your Atlassian workflow
Link Jira issues from your whiteboard
Take bulk Jira actions with smart sections
Set your whiteboard preferences
Import Figjam boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Miro boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Mural boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Jamboard whiteboards in Confluence whiteboards
Export your whiteboard
Collaboration limits on whiteboards
What Confluence whiteboards don't support
Whiteboards impact on third-party apps
Understand Confluence whiteboards plans and features
Browser support and settings for whiteboards
Atlassian Intelligence in Confluence whiteboards
Draw freeform lines with pen
Private mode in whiteboards
Voting in whiteboards
Whiteboard version history
Create and edit databases
Get started with Confluence databases
Database tour
Create a database
Database fields
Share databases, entries, or values
Database views
Layouts and options
Filter your data
Sort fields
Hide fields in your database
Import data into your database
Export your database data
Duplicate a database setup
Lock your database structure
What Confluence databases don't support
Database impact on third-party apps
Database version history
Perform simple calculations on your data
Export content from Confluence Cloud
Wide tables may be cut off in PDF export
Cases where PDF Export may revert to using legacy exporter
Get to know the new and simplified content layout
How to use the new toolbar and insert elements
Import data from other tools into Confluence
FAQ import data from HTML to Confluence
FAQ import data from Notion to Confluence
Import data from HTML to Confluence
Import data from Notion into Confluence
Import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from HTML to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from Notion to Confluence
Troubleshooting import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Review macros only available in the legacy editor
Insert the cheese macro
Insert the column macro
Insert the content by user macro
Insert the create space button macro
Insert the favorite pages macro
Insert the global reports macro
Insert the info, tip, note, and warning macros
Insert the JUnit report macro
Insert the noformat macro
Insert the panel macro
Insert the recently used labels macro
Insert the search results macro
Insert the section macro
Insert the space attachments macro
Insert the space details macro
Insert the status macro
Insert the code block macro
Insert the gallery macro
Insert the Google Drive macro
Insert the lorem ipsum macro
Insert the multimedia macro
Insert the navigation map macro
Insert the network macro
Insert the PDF macro
The Confluence legacy editor
FAQ: Understanding legacy editor deprecation
Convert legacy editor pages
Differences using Confluence legacy editor and cloud editor
The legacy content macro
Collaborate on content and get notified in Confluence Cloud
Collaborate on content
Create a network of users
Add a reaction to any content
Mention a person or team
Share Confluence content
Comment on pages, live docs, whiteboards, and blog posts
Watch pages, live docs, spaces, whiteboards, and blogs
Add people to Confluence from Google, Slack, or Microsoft
What can guests see and do in Confluence?
Share content externally with public links
Get notified about content and activity
View your notifications
Subscribe to email updates
What is a Confluence RSS feed?
Build an RSS feed
Subscribe to pre-specified RSS feeds
Subscribe to a network RSS feed
Celebrate your work with Confluence Recap
View Confluence analytics to see how content is performing
View insights on your site
View insights on spaces
Content insights and analytics
Turn on privacy mode for analytics data
Manage your account and permissions in Confluence Cloud
Manage your account
Edit your profile
Edit your user settings
Change your Confluence password
Manage OAuth access tokens
Delete your account
Change your theme
Set your email visibility
Manage permissions at the content level
Change who can find content and what they can do with it
Confluence permissions structure
Troubleshoot access problems to content
What is a Confluence group?
Extend the functionality of Confluence Cloud
Use Team Calendars for Confluence (Premium feature)
Subscribe to Team Calendars from third-party calendars
Getting started with team calendars
Add events
Add Jira events
See standard event types
Add and delete custom event types
Add reminders to events
Embed calendars on Confluence content
Watch a calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Thunderbird
Subscribe to Google Calendars from Confluence
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Microsoft Outlook
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple iOS Calendar
Export to other calendars
Set system properties
Team Calendars FAQs
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar (Android)
Use Company Hub to deliver key information to employees
Create and customize a Company Hub
Manage your Company Hub
Set up a menu of important links on Company Hub
Use sections to enhance and highlight your Company Hub content
Highlight important messages with a visual spotlight
Add a rotating set of frames to your Company Hub
Use cards to add beautiful dynamic content to Company Hub
Curate search results in Company Hub
Use Confluence with other applications
Use Slack and Confluence together
Use Jira and Confluence together
Use Trello and Confluence together
Use Microsoft Teams and Confluence together
Use macros to show Confluence content on pages and live docs
What are macros?
Learn which macros are being removed
Insert the attachments macro
Insert the blog posts macro
Insert the change history macro
Insert the child items macro
Insert the filter by label macro
Insert the content report table macro
Insert the contributors macro
Insert the contributors summary macro
Insert the create from template macro
Insert the decision report macro
Insert the excerpt macro
Add excerpts to a page or live doc with the insert excerpt macro
Insert the include content macro
Insert the labels list macro
Insert the popular labels macro
Insert the profile picture macro
Insert the recent updates macro
Insert the recently updated dashboard macro
Insert the related labels macro
Insert the spaces list macro
Insert the task report macro
Insert the user profile macro
Legacy editor content in the cloud editor
Use macros to add development info on Confluence pages
Display Jira work items in a list
Insert the Jira chart macro
Insert the Jira timeline macro
Display your Assets data on a Confluence page
Use macros to include media on Confluence pages
Insert Microsoft Office macros
Insert the widget connector macro
Use macros to add navigation on Confluence pages
Insert the anchor link macro
Insert the Live Search macro
Insert the Page Index macro
Insert the content tree macro
Insert the page tree search macro
Insert the table of contents macro
Insert the table of content zone macro
Use macros to add reporting info to Confluence pages
Insert the content properties macro
Insert the content properties report macro
Insert the user list macro
Use macros to add visuals and images to Confluence pages
Insert the chart macro
Insert the iFrame macro
Insert the roadmap planner macro
Add a trio of dynamic frames to your content with Carousel
Display beautiful, dynamic content on your page or live doc with Cards
Insert the expand macro
Use gadgets to add dynamic content
Add the activity stream gadget
Use Questions for Confluence
Install Questions for Confluence
Ask a question
Watch and edit topics
What are votes and experts?
Admin settings for Questions for Confluence
Use automation for Confluence
Learn about macros on Confluence mobile
Space administration
Set space-specific functionality
Additional PDF export settings
Advanced PDF export customizations
Set a default classification level for content
Manage permissions at the space level
What are space permissions?
Copy space permissions
Assign space permissions
Make a space public with anonymous access
Assign Questions for Confluence permissions
Manage content in a space
Clean up a space with the content manager
Transfer content item ownership from one user to another
Manage page watchers
Export a space's content as Word, PDF, or data files
Remove a space
Archive a space
Delete a space
Create templates, blueprints, and reports
Create a template
Edit a template
Promote a template
Create a custom report
Manage team calendars
Delete or remove a calendar
Restrict a calendar
Manage Questions for Confluence
Get started with Questions for Confluence
Administer questions
Integrate questions with your spaces
Customize your space
Apply a theme to a space
Change the space name and logo
Edit features for a space
Confluence administration
Get started as Confluence Cloud administrator
Set Confluence-wide functionality
Control whether spaces can allow public links
Control whether spaces can turn on anonymous access
Change the landing page
Change the Confluence Home welcome message
Create a custom space overview template
Turn off page reactions
Customize layout for PDF exports in Confluence Cloud
Convert legacy editor pages in all spaces
Configure live docs in Confluence
Monitor and manage activity in Confluence Cloud
Act on insights from mission control
Download a spaces report
View the audit log
Premium admin tools for Confluence Cloud
Post Confluence-wide announcements in a banner
Inspect a user's permissions
Bypass page restrictions with admin key
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Manage global permissions
Assign space access to guests
Manage public links across Confluence Cloud
How secure are public links?
Give access to unlicensed users from Jira Service Management
Manage analytics permissions in Confluence administration
Control which groups can use analytics
Manage Confluence content templates
Create a global content template
Edit a global content template
Install a global blueprint
Manage global content templates and blueprints
Configuration settings in Confluence Cloud
Change the site title
Configure the administrator contact page
Choose a default language
Configure the indexing language
Configure time and date formats
Configure number formats
Configure attachment size
Configure shortcut links
Install a custom language font for PDF exports
Confluence wiki markup syntax for the legacy editor
Customize the email domain sending Confluence emails
Security settings in Confluence Cloud
Hide external links from search engines
Disable anonymous access to remote API
Turn on Captcha for spam prevention or failed logins
Look and feel settings in Confluence Cloud
Install a theme
Set the default theme
Customize the navigation colors
Change your site and space logos
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Import a Confluence Cloud space
Export a data backup file of your instance
Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites
Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center
Atlassian Marketplace apps
Manage your apps
Status page: Live docs + Marketplace apps
Confluence automation administration
Confluence automation
Confluence automation usage
Atlassian administration for Confluence Cloud
Actions that require an organization or site admin
Manage your storage usage
Invite guests to Confluence
Removing users and downgrading to Confluence Free
Adjust permissions before downgrading to Confluence Free
What happens when an account is deactivated vs. deleted?
Atlassian Support
Confluence
Resources
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Keep content organized
Cloud
Data Center
Archive content items
Archiving a page or other item lets you take an outdated or no-longer-relevant piece of content and store it away from your daily workspace. When you archive an item, you not only remove it from the content tree, you also remove it from quick search. This offers several benefits:
Makes it easier for you and your team to find what’s relevant to your current work
Reassures people who rely on your content that it’s accurate and up-to-date
Keeps your content tree neat and presentable
What happens when an item is archived
Archiving an item removes it from your content tree and stores it in the archive. It does not fully delete your content, it just changes access to the item, as described:
Archived content is excluded from quick search and analytics to keep those functions focused and relevant. However, there's an option to include archived content in an advanced search.
Links to archived items will still work. These links will have an “Archived” lozenge next to it, letting users know it’s a link to an archived item.
Archiving an item disables certain actions, some of which include editing, commenting, and liking the item. This is designed to preserve the state of items at the time they’re archived. To get this functionality back, simply
restore the items from the archive
.
Find archived items
To navigate to your space’s archive, select
Space settings
in your space side navigation and then
Archived
from under “Content.”
Anyone with space access can view the space’s archived content. Restrictions still apply, which means that anyone who doesn’t have permission to view an archived item will neither see it in the archived content list, nor be able to access it through a direct link.
Each space has its own archive; there is no site-level archive for items. When you archive an item in a particular space, it goes to that space’s archive. Likewise, restored items return to that space’s content tree. From there, you can move them to another space.
Archive an item
Before archiving an item, be sure to check if it has inherited permissions. If it does, then the item is relying on one of its parent items to control who can view and you might be exposing it to a wider audience by archiving it. To avoid this, set view restrictions on the item that you’re archiving.
To archive an item:
Navigate to the top of the item you want to archive
Select
More actions
(•••)
Select
Archive
(optional) Add a note to document why this item was archived.
Select Archive.
You’ll get an email notification if someone else archives an item you created.
Alternatively:
Find the item in the content tree and hover over the title
Select
More actions
(•••)
Select
Archive
(optional) Add a note to document why this item was archived.
Select Archive.
Archive an item with all of its nested items
When archiving an item, you’ll have the option to include any nested items the selected parent item may have—all in one archiving action. This offers you the ability to archive entire branches of your content tree at once.
Keep in mind that nested archiving is an all or nothing action. You can choose to archive all the nested items (that you have permission to archive), or none of them; there’s no middle ground. If you’d like to keep any of the selected item’s nested items in the content tree, consider moving them so they’re not nested under it anymore.
Any nested item you don’t have permission to archive (or view) will remain in the content tree and move up according to the new hierarchy (assuming you choose to continue with the nested archive action).
Watch out for inherited permissions on nested items.
Any nested items “left behind” in the content tree as a result of a nested archive action will have a new parent item. If any items that are left behind don’t have view restrictions set on them, you could be exposing content to a wider audience than intended.
All items archived together will maintain their hierarchy in the archived content list, to preserve the context in which they were organized in the content tree.
Bulk actions (premium)
Space admins with Confluence Premium or Enterprise can bulk archive or bulk delete content.
To ensure Confluence performs at its highest levels, we capped the number of items you can archive in a single attempt at 500 items. Deleting is capped at 100 items.
Next to your space's name in the sidebar, select
More actions
(•••), then
Space settings
.
Select
Content manager
from the
sidebar
.
Select the boxes next to the items you want to archive or delete. Selecting a page or live doc will select it and all of its nested items. To deselect individual nested items, simply uncheck the boxes.
When ready,
Archive
or
Delete
.
Adding and editing notes on archived items
A note is a message that explains why an item was archived. There are two methods to add or modify a note on an archived item:
directly from the archived item itself or
from the space’s list of
Archived
content
If you did not include a note when you first archived an item, you have the option to include or edit one at a later time. Only the person who archived an item can add or modify its note.
Add note from the archived item
When you view an archived item, a banner message will appear at the top identifying it as archived. If you were the one who archived the content, you will also have links in the banner to either add or edit a note.
Select
Add a note
or
Edit note
.
Enter text explaining why the item was archived.
Select
Add
or
Update
to save your note.
Add note from the space’s archived content list
Next to your space's name in the sidebar, select
More actions
(•••), then
Space settings
.
Open the
Content
menu and select
Archived
.
Find the item you want in the list of archived items.
Select
More actions (•••)
Select
Add note
or
Edit note
.
Enter text explaining why the item was archived.
Select
Add
or
Update
to save your note.
When a note is added, it will appear in the banner at the top of the item and in the Note column within the archived content list for all team members to view.
Who can archive an item
There are two archiving permissions:
permission to archive any item in a space
permission to archive only your own items
Give user permission to archive any item in a space
The Archive space permission grants the ability to archive any item in the space. This also covers restoring items back to the content tree. Any item you can archive, you can restore too.
Even with the space-level archive permission, you can’t archive an item you don’t have permission to view.
Only space admins can assign archiving permissions.
To assign the space-level archive permission:
Go to the space in
Confluence Cloud
.
Select
Space settings
from the sidebar.
Open the
Space access
menu.
Under the
Groups
or
Users
menu item, select
Edit.
Click into the search field at the bottom of either section and search for the user or group.
Select
Add.
Make sure to check the box for
Archive
under the
Pages…etc
column.
Select
Save all
at the bottom of the page.
All users inherently have the permission to archive any item they themselves created. As long as they have the permission to view items in the space, they can archive their own items.
Limited actions available on an archived item
To preserve the state of items at the time they are archived, some actions will be disabled. If you want to take a disabled action on an archived item, first restore it to the content tree.
If the item permissions allow the following actions, they are available to someone when viewing an archived item.
Action
Available for archived pages
View
YES
View comments (inline and general)
YES
Watch/Unwatch
YES
Star/Unstar
YES
Add/Remove labels
YES
Delete
YES
View restrictions
YES
Edit restrictions
YES
View attachments
YES
View history
YES
Analytics
YES
Content information
YES
View resolved comments
YES
Link to this item
YES
View source
YES
Import Word document
YES
Export to PDF
YES
Export to Word
YES
Tasks
YES
Slack notifications
YES
Restore
YES
Edit
NO
Move
NO
Duplicate
NO
Like content
NO
Share
NO
Add/Edit/Reply to comments (inline and general)
NO
Like comments (inline and general)
NO
Resolve/Delete comments (inline and general)
NO
View item in hierarchy
NO
Compare versions and revert
NO
Add/Edit/ Delete attachments
NO
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
It wasn't accurate
It wasn't clear
It wasn't relevant
Provide feedback about this article
Still need help?
The Atlassian Community is here for you.
Ask the Community
Keep content organized
Show more
Use labels to organize content and attachments
Move, copy, and hide content items
Archive content items
Restore archived items to the content tree
Delete, restore, or purge a content item
Show more
On this page
What happens when an item is archived
Find archived items
Archive an item
Archive an item with all of its nested items
Bulk actions (premium)
Adding and editing notes on archived items
Add note from the archived item
Add note from the space’s archived content list
Who can archive an item
Give user permission to archive any item in a space
Limited actions available on an archived item
Community
Questions, discussions, and articles
Accessibility
Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security
2025
Atlassian