URL: https://support.atlassian.com/confluence-cloud/docs/insert-links-and-anchors/

Insert links and anchors | Confluence Cloud | Atlassian Support
Skip to main content
Confluence Support
Products
Documentation
Resources
Contact us
Sign in
Sign in
Confluence Cloud
Documentation
Considering Confluence Cloud?
Confluence Cloud functionality and features
What is Confluence Cloud?
Learn about the features of Confluence Cloud plans
Confluence Standard
See how teams use Confluence Cloud
Use Confluence for technical documentation
Use Confluence for software teams
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Navigate around Confluence
What is the new navigation in Confluence?
Use For you to jump into work and see what's happening
Confluence navigation
View written content
Use spaces to organize your work
What is a space?
Create a space
Customize your personal space
Navigate spaces
Organize your space
Find content in a space
Customize your space's overview
Use labels to categorize spaces
Delete or disable a template
Find content in Confluence Cloud
Search for content
Search for people and teams
Confluence search syntax
Discover relevant content with related content
Use Atlassian Intelligence to search for answers
Create and edit content
Draft, publish, and update a page
Create and collaborate in real time with live docs
Format a page, live doc, or blog post with a template
Format your content
Format text
Create and manage layouts
Use symbols, emojis, and special characters
Keyboard shortcuts and autocomplete
Available markdown commands
Simplify data with tables
Charts and connected data
Work with images, videos, and files
Use Atlassian Intelligence to help write or edit content
Bring all your work into Confluence
Insert links and anchors
Get started with Smart Links in the content tree
What data is sent and received when pasting a Smart Link?
Insert and manage links on your pages and live docs
Add elements to a page or live doc
Transfer ownership of your content item
Add a status to your content
Make your content and its title more memorable
Import external documents
Classify content
How redaction works
Learn about the Atlassian cloud editor
Convert pages to the cloud editor
Keep content organized
Take quick action from the content title
Use labels to organize content and attachments
Move, copy, and hide content items
Archive content items
Restore archived items to the content tree
Delete, restore, or purge a content item
Save a page, live doc, or other content item for later
Use folders to organize your work
Upload and manage files
Upload a file
Display files and images
Manage uploaded files
Share and comment on files
Present your content with Presenter mode
Atlassian Intelligence features in Confluence Cloud
Search for answers using Atlassian Intelligence
Write or edit content using Atlassian Intelligence
Define terms using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Atlassian Intelligence with Confluence automation
Learn about pre-defined prompts in Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a page, live doc, or blog using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize comments using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize changes with Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a whiteboard using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Rovo to listen to audio briefings of Confluence content
Use Loom in Confluence Cloud
Create and edit whiteboards
Getting started with Confluence whiteboards
Create a new whiteboard
Navigation tools in whiteboards
Organize and explore ideas with sticky notes
Use shapes to visualize ideas
Add and edit text on whiteboards
Build flows and diagrams with flows and connectors
Inserting links to your whiteboard
Use sections to organize your work
Add and edit images on whiteboards
Add the feels with stamps and stickers
Use a template to get started fast
Keep on track with the timer
Hide collaborator cursors
Integrate whiteboards into your Atlassian workflow
Link Jira issues from your whiteboard
Take bulk Jira actions with smart sections
Set your whiteboard preferences
Import Figjam boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Miro boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Mural boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Jamboard whiteboards in Confluence whiteboards
Export your whiteboard
Collaboration limits on whiteboards
What Confluence whiteboards don't support
Whiteboards impact on third-party apps
Understand Confluence whiteboards plans and features
Browser support and settings for whiteboards
Atlassian Intelligence in Confluence whiteboards
Draw freeform lines with pen
Private mode in whiteboards
Voting in whiteboards
Whiteboard version history
Create and edit databases
Get started with Confluence databases
Database tour
Create a database
Database fields
Share databases, entries, or values
Database views
Layouts and options
Filter your data
Sort fields
Hide fields in your database
Import data into your database
Export your database data
Duplicate a database setup
Lock your database structure
What Confluence databases don't support
Database impact on third-party apps
Database version history
Perform simple calculations on your data
Export content from Confluence Cloud
Wide tables may be cut off in PDF export
Cases where PDF Export may revert to using legacy exporter
Get to know the new and simplified content layout
How to use the new toolbar and insert elements
Import data from other tools into Confluence
FAQ import data from HTML to Confluence
FAQ import data from Notion to Confluence
Import data from HTML to Confluence
Import data from Notion into Confluence
Import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from HTML to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from Notion to Confluence
Troubleshooting import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Review macros only available in the legacy editor
Insert the cheese macro
Insert the column macro
Insert the content by user macro
Insert the create space button macro
Insert the favorite pages macro
Insert the global reports macro
Insert the info, tip, note, and warning macros
Insert the JUnit report macro
Insert the noformat macro
Insert the panel macro
Insert the recently used labels macro
Insert the search results macro
Insert the section macro
Insert the space attachments macro
Insert the space details macro
Insert the status macro
Insert the code block macro
Insert the gallery macro
Insert the Google Drive macro
Insert the lorem ipsum macro
Insert the multimedia macro
Insert the navigation map macro
Insert the network macro
Insert the PDF macro
The Confluence legacy editor
FAQ: Understanding legacy editor deprecation
Convert legacy editor pages
Differences using Confluence legacy editor and cloud editor
The legacy content macro
Collaborate on content and get notified in Confluence Cloud
Collaborate on content
Create a network of users
Add a reaction to any content
Mention a person or team
Share Confluence content
Comment on pages, live docs, whiteboards, and blog posts
Watch pages, live docs, spaces, whiteboards, and blogs
Add people to Confluence from Google, Slack, or Microsoft
What can guests see and do in Confluence?
Share content externally with public links
Get notified about content and activity
View your notifications
Subscribe to email updates
What is a Confluence RSS feed?
Build an RSS feed
Subscribe to pre-specified RSS feeds
Subscribe to a network RSS feed
Celebrate your work with Confluence Recap
View Confluence analytics to see how content is performing
View insights on your site
View insights on spaces
Content insights and analytics
Turn on privacy mode for analytics data
Manage your account and permissions in Confluence Cloud
Manage your account
Edit your profile
Edit your user settings
Change your Confluence password
Manage OAuth access tokens
Delete your account
Change your theme
Set your email visibility
Manage permissions at the content level
Change who can find content and what they can do with it
Confluence permissions structure
Troubleshoot access problems to content
What is a Confluence group?
Extend the functionality of Confluence Cloud
Use Team Calendars for Confluence (Premium feature)
Subscribe to Team Calendars from third-party calendars
Getting started with team calendars
Add events
Add Jira events
See standard event types
Add and delete custom event types
Add reminders to events
Embed calendars on Confluence content
Watch a calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Thunderbird
Subscribe to Google Calendars from Confluence
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Microsoft Outlook
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple iOS Calendar
Export to other calendars
Set system properties
Team Calendars FAQs
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar (Android)
Use Company Hub to deliver key information to employees
Create and customize a Company Hub
Manage your Company Hub
Set up a menu of important links on Company Hub
Use sections to enhance and highlight your Company Hub content
Highlight important messages with a visual spotlight
Add a rotating set of frames to your Company Hub
Use cards to add beautiful dynamic content to Company Hub
Curate search results in Company Hub
Use Confluence with other applications
Use Slack and Confluence together
Use Jira and Confluence together
Use Trello and Confluence together
Use Microsoft Teams and Confluence together
Use macros to show Confluence content on pages and live docs
What are macros?
Learn which macros are being removed
Insert the attachments macro
Insert the blog posts macro
Insert the change history macro
Insert the child items macro
Insert the filter by label macro
Insert the content report table macro
Insert the contributors macro
Insert the contributors summary macro
Insert the create from template macro
Insert the decision report macro
Insert the excerpt macro
Add excerpts to a page or live doc with the insert excerpt macro
Insert the include content macro
Insert the labels list macro
Insert the popular labels macro
Insert the profile picture macro
Insert the recent updates macro
Insert the recently updated dashboard macro
Insert the related labels macro
Insert the spaces list macro
Insert the task report macro
Insert the user profile macro
Legacy editor content in the cloud editor
Use macros to add development info on Confluence pages
Display Jira work items in a list
Insert the Jira chart macro
Insert the Jira timeline macro
Display your Assets data on a Confluence page
Use macros to include media on Confluence pages
Insert Microsoft Office macros
Insert the widget connector macro
Use macros to add navigation on Confluence pages
Insert the anchor link macro
Insert the Live Search macro
Insert the Page Index macro
Insert the content tree macro
Insert the page tree search macro
Insert the table of contents macro
Insert the table of content zone macro
Use macros to add reporting info to Confluence pages
Insert the content properties macro
Insert the content properties report macro
Insert the user list macro
Use macros to add visuals and images to Confluence pages
Insert the chart macro
Insert the iFrame macro
Insert the roadmap planner macro
Add a trio of dynamic frames to your content with Carousel
Display beautiful, dynamic content on your page or live doc with Cards
Insert the expand macro
Use gadgets to add dynamic content
Add the activity stream gadget
Use Questions for Confluence
Install Questions for Confluence
Ask a question
Watch and edit topics
What are votes and experts?
Admin settings for Questions for Confluence
Use automation for Confluence
Learn about macros on Confluence mobile
Space administration
Set space-specific functionality
Additional PDF export settings
Advanced PDF export customizations
Set a default classification level for content
Manage permissions at the space level
What are space permissions?
Copy space permissions
Assign space permissions
Make a space public with anonymous access
Assign Questions for Confluence permissions
Manage content in a space
Clean up a space with the content manager
Transfer content item ownership from one user to another
Manage page watchers
Export a space's content as Word, PDF, or data files
Remove a space
Archive a space
Delete a space
Create templates, blueprints, and reports
Create a template
Edit a template
Promote a template
Create a custom report
Manage team calendars
Delete or remove a calendar
Restrict a calendar
Manage Questions for Confluence
Get started with Questions for Confluence
Administer questions
Integrate questions with your spaces
Customize your space
Apply a theme to a space
Change the space name and logo
Edit features for a space
Confluence administration
Get started as Confluence Cloud administrator
Set Confluence-wide functionality
Control whether spaces can allow public links
Control whether spaces can turn on anonymous access
Change the landing page
Change the Confluence Home welcome message
Create a custom space overview template
Turn off page reactions
Customize layout for PDF exports in Confluence Cloud
Convert legacy editor pages in all spaces
Configure live docs in Confluence
Monitor and manage activity in Confluence Cloud
Act on insights from mission control
Download a spaces report
View the audit log
Premium admin tools for Confluence Cloud
Post Confluence-wide announcements in a banner
Inspect a user's permissions
Bypass page restrictions with admin key
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Manage global permissions
Assign space access to guests
Manage public links across Confluence Cloud
How secure are public links?
Give access to unlicensed users from Jira Service Management
Manage analytics permissions in Confluence administration
Control which groups can use analytics
Manage Confluence content templates
Create a global content template
Edit a global content template
Install a global blueprint
Manage global content templates and blueprints
Configuration settings in Confluence Cloud
Change the site title
Configure the administrator contact page
Choose a default language
Configure the indexing language
Configure time and date formats
Configure number formats
Configure attachment size
Configure shortcut links
Install a custom language font for PDF exports
Confluence wiki markup syntax for the legacy editor
Customize the email domain sending Confluence emails
Security settings in Confluence Cloud
Hide external links from search engines
Disable anonymous access to remote API
Turn on Captcha for spam prevention or failed logins
Look and feel settings in Confluence Cloud
Install a theme
Set the default theme
Customize the navigation colors
Change your site and space logos
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Import a Confluence Cloud space
Export a data backup file of your instance
Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites
Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center
Atlassian Marketplace apps
Manage your apps
Status page: Live docs + Marketplace apps
Confluence automation administration
Confluence automation
Confluence automation usage
Atlassian administration for Confluence Cloud
Actions that require an organization or site admin
Manage your storage usage
Invite guests to Confluence
Removing users and downgrading to Confluence Free
Adjust permissions before downgrading to Confluence Free
What happens when an account is deactivated vs. deleted?
Atlassian Support
Confluence
Resources
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Create and edit content
Cloud
Data Center
Insert links and anchors
Create and insert links
Highlight words or phrases then use
Cmd + K
for Mac or
Ctrl + K
for Windows
to convert them into links. You may also select the link icon
from the top menu.
Most links (also known as hyperlinks and URLs) will automatically unfurl or convert into a Smart Link when you paste them in a Confluence page or live doc.
You can cancel this by using keyboard shortcuts:
For Mac:
Cmd + Z
For Windows:
Ctrl + Z
You can also select the link and choose your preferred display view from the
Smart Link
toolbar.
Link to an anchor, heading or section
To insert a link leading to a specific anchor, heading or section of a page or live doc:
Hover to the right of the heading until the link icon appears.
Select the link icon. This will copy the URL of the heading link.
Use the URL you copied to create the link.
To link to an
anchor link macro
on the same page or live doc:
Make note of the name of the anchor to which you want to link. The name is displayed on the anchor when editing.
Highlight the text you want to use as the link.
Select the link tool
.
Enter the name of the macro prefaced by a # symbol. If your Anchor Name is
topofpage
, you'll enter
#topofpage
when creating your link.
Note:
Anchor link names are case sensitive.
To link to an
anchor link macro
on another page or live doc:
Copy the URL of the page or live doc whose anchor you want to link.
Make note of the name of the anchor to which you want to link. The name is displayed on the anchor when editing.
Go to the page or live doc where you want to add the link and edit it.
Highlight the text to be used as the link.
Select the link tool .
Paste the URL to the copied page or live doc in the link field followed by a # symbol and the anchor name.
Example
page name =
Project notes
Anchor name =
notes from today
Link =
sitename.domain/wiki/Project+notes#notes-from-today
Pro tip
— if you are adding a link to an anchor from a Gliffy diagram, you must use the entire URL, not just the pagename#anchorname portion.
Link to a Confluence comment
To insert a link leading to a comment from Confluence page or live doc.
Hover over the comment date until the link icon appears.
Select the link icon. This will copy the URL of the heading link.
Use the URL you copied to create the link.
Link to an email address
To insert a link that will create a message directed to a specific email address:
Use
Cmd + K
for Mac or
Ctrl + K
for Windows, or select the link icon(icon).
Type ‘mailto:’ followed by the email address in the link field. For example: '
mailto:iamawesome@email.com
'
Choose the text to display.
Select
Insert
.
Link to attachments
To link to a page or live doc’s attachment:
Go to the live doc or published version of the page containing the attachment to which you want to link.
Go to
More  > Attachments
.
Right-click on the file name of the attachment, and select Copy Link Address.
Go to and edit the live doc and page where you want to link to the attachment.
Paste the URL in the link tool pop-up, and give it a more friendly name if desired.
To link to the latest version of an attachment on another page or live doc:
Go to the published version of the page containing the attachment to which you want to link.
Go to
More
> Attachments
.
Right-click on the file name of the attachment, and select
Copy Link Address
.
Go to and edit the page where you want to link to the attachment.
Paste the URL in the link tool pop-up, remove any text after the file extension in the URL, and give it a more friendly name if desired.
Create and link to an undefined placeholder page
Sometimes you want to link to a Confluence page that doesn't exist yet. To do this, you can add an undefined link and come back to it later. When you select on the link, Confluence will create a draft page with that title for you to then add content to and publish when you're ready.
Undefined placeholder links can't be added to templates.
Type
[Placeholder Page Name]()
.
This follows the syntax as the keyboard shortcut for adding defined links
[Link] (http://a.com)
.
Press
Enter
or
Return
to create the placeholder.
Select
Close
to keep the page as a DRAFT or select
Publish…
or
Update
.
A link to an undefined page is shown in red. Until you actually publish this newly created page, anyone with
create
permissions in that space can select on the link, while viewing or editing, and it will continue to create new draft pages.
View undefined pages in a space
The
Undefined
page shows you all the undefined pages in your space.
To view a list of the undefined links in a space:
Go to the space in Confluence Cloud.
Next to your space's name in the sidebar, select
More actions
(•••), then
Space settings
.
Select
Content
, then
Undefined
.
The undefined page links have a green badge to remind you that these pages haven't been published yet. Select an undefined page link to create a draft and add content to it.
Smart Links
Smart Links make it easy to create, edit, and view work across Atlassian and third-party apps. With Confluence, Jira, and other Atlassian apps, every link is a
Smart Link
.
Smart Link view options
Smart Link list view
Smart Links from Jira and other apps
Summarize Smart Links with AI
What data is sent and received when pasting a Smart Link?
Smart Link preferences
Search with Smart Links
Smart Links from Jira and other apps
You may insert links from other apps and convert them into Smart Links.
For example:
Display Jira work items in a list
Display your Assets data on a Confluence page
Share a Jira board in Confluence
Share Jira dashboards in Confluence
Discover the full list of
apps that supported by Smart Links
.
Authentication for Smart Links
You must be logged in to non-Atlassian apps that require authentication before you can display the Smart Link in your page or live doc. You’ll only need to do this once, and that app’s links will work across all of Atlassian Cloud.
For links to non-Atlassian apps that requires access to view, readers need to be logged in for Smart Links to display in the correct view.
What data is sent and received when pasting a Smart Link?
Summarize Smart Links with AI
Save time by summarizing the content of a Smart Link with
Atlassian Intelligence
.
To use Atlassian Intelligence in Confluence, your organization admin needs to
Activate Atlassian Intelligence for apps
.
To summarize a Smart Link with AI:
Navigate to the Confluence page, live doc, or blog post containing a Smart Link.
Hover over any Smart Link.
Select
Summarize with AI
.
Atlassian Intelligence will generate a summary.
A summary will not generate if there isn’t enough content to summarize or if summarizing the content might go against
Atlassian’s Acceptable Use Policy
.
For more on how Atlassian Intelligence works, its limitations, and our commitment to privacy, visit
the Atlassian Trust Center
.
Smart Link preferences
You can set your preferences on how links are displayed across Confluence, Atlas, Jira and soon for other Atlassian apps. Your chosen link display option appears when you edit content or comment on issues.
Go to
link preferences
from Confluence:
Select your avatar from the top-right menu.
Select
Manage Account
.
Select the
Link preferences
tab at the top.
Go to link preferences from Jira:
Select the settings cog
on the top-right menu.
Under Personal settings, select
Atlassian account settings
.
From the left-side menu, select
Link preferences
.
Set your default display for new links
You can choose how to display links you create:
From
Link preferences
, go to the
Default display
section.
Choose your preferred display option from the dropdown.
Links created by other users will appear depending on the display option they choose.
Remember to refresh active editor sessions after you update your preferences.
Exceptions for specific domains
You can set different display options for links from specific domains:
From
Link preferences
, go to the section labeled
Exceptions for specific domains
.
Type or paste in a domain or URL.
Choose your preferred display option from the dropdown.
Select
Submit
.
Add exceptions for other domains if needed.
Exceptions for subdomains
You may enter subdomains as your URL to set default display options for links from specific sections of a website.
For example, if you set a preference for links from
google.com
to display as a card, all subdomains will follow the same rule.
If you only set an exception for
slides.google.com
, the other Google domains display as the default setting or any custom preferences you may have set.
If a domain cannot be displayed as an embed, your link will default to inline.
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
It wasn't accurate
It wasn't clear
It wasn't relevant
Provide feedback about this article
Still need help?
The Atlassian Community is here for you.
Ask the Community
Create and edit content
Show more
Use Atlassian Intelligence to help write or edit content
Bring all your work into Confluence
Insert links and anchors
Get started with Smart Links in the content tree
What data is sent and received when pasting a Smart Link?
Show more
On this page
Create and insert links
Link to an anchor, heading or section
Link to a Confluence comment
Link to an email address
Link to attachments
Create and link to an undefined placeholder page
Smart Links
Smart Links from Jira and other apps
Authentication for Smart Links
Summarize Smart Links with AI
Smart Link preferences
Set your default display for new links
Exceptions for specific domains
Exceptions for subdomains
Community
Questions, discussions, and articles
Accessibility
Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security
2025
Atlassian