URL: https://support.atlassian.com/confluence-cloud/docs/use-confluence-for-technical-documentation/

Use Confluence for technical documentation | Confluence Cloud | Atlassian Support
Skip to main content
Confluence Support
Products
Documentation
Resources
Contact us
Sign in
Sign in
Confluence Cloud
Documentation
Considering Confluence Cloud?
Confluence Cloud functionality and features
What is Confluence Cloud?
Learn about the features of Confluence Cloud plans
Confluence Standard
See how teams use Confluence Cloud
Use Confluence for technical documentation
Use Confluence for software teams
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Navigate around Confluence
What is the new navigation in Confluence?
Use For you to jump into work and see what's happening
Confluence navigation
View written content
Use spaces to organize your work
What is a space?
Create a space
Customize your personal space
Navigate spaces
Organize your space
Find content in a space
Customize your space's overview
Use labels to categorize spaces
Delete or disable a template
Find content in Confluence Cloud
Search for content
Search for people and teams
Confluence search syntax
Discover relevant content with related content
Use Atlassian Intelligence to search for answers
Create and edit content
Draft, publish, and update a page
Create and collaborate in real time with live docs
Format a page, live doc, or blog post with a template
Format your content
Format text
Create and manage layouts
Use symbols, emojis, and special characters
Keyboard shortcuts and autocomplete
Available markdown commands
Simplify data with tables
Charts and connected data
Work with images, videos, and files
Use Atlassian Intelligence to help write or edit content
Bring all your work into Confluence
Insert links and anchors
Get started with Smart Links in the content tree
What data is sent and received when pasting a Smart Link?
Insert and manage links on your pages and live docs
Add elements to a page or live doc
Transfer ownership of your content item
Add a status to your content
Make your content and its title more memorable
Import external documents
Classify content
How redaction works
Learn about the Atlassian cloud editor
Convert pages to the cloud editor
Keep content organized
Take quick action from the content title
Use labels to organize content and attachments
Move, copy, and hide content items
Archive content items
Restore archived items to the content tree
Delete, restore, or purge a content item
Save a page, live doc, or other content item for later
Use folders to organize your work
Upload and manage files
Upload a file
Display files and images
Manage uploaded files
Share and comment on files
Present your content with Presenter mode
Atlassian Intelligence features in Confluence Cloud
Search for answers using Atlassian Intelligence
Write or edit content using Atlassian Intelligence
Define terms using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Atlassian Intelligence with Confluence automation
Learn about pre-defined prompts in Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a page, live doc, or blog using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize comments using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize changes with Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a whiteboard using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Rovo to listen to audio briefings of Confluence content
Use Loom in Confluence Cloud
Create and edit whiteboards
Getting started with Confluence whiteboards
Create a new whiteboard
Navigation tools in whiteboards
Organize and explore ideas with sticky notes
Use shapes to visualize ideas
Add and edit text on whiteboards
Build flows and diagrams with flows and connectors
Inserting links to your whiteboard
Use sections to organize your work
Add and edit images on whiteboards
Add the feels with stamps and stickers
Use a template to get started fast
Keep on track with the timer
Hide collaborator cursors
Integrate whiteboards into your Atlassian workflow
Link Jira issues from your whiteboard
Take bulk Jira actions with smart sections
Set your whiteboard preferences
Import Figjam boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Miro boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Mural boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Jamboard whiteboards in Confluence whiteboards
Export your whiteboard
Collaboration limits on whiteboards
What Confluence whiteboards don't support
Whiteboards impact on third-party apps
Understand Confluence whiteboards plans and features
Browser support and settings for whiteboards
Atlassian Intelligence in Confluence whiteboards
Draw freeform lines with pen
Private mode in whiteboards
Voting in whiteboards
Whiteboard history
Create and edit databases
Get started with Confluence databases
Database tour
Create a database
Database fields
Share databases, entries, or values
Database views
Layouts and options
Filter your data
Sort fields
Hide fields in your database
Import data into your database
Export your database data
Duplicate a database setup
Lock your database structure
What Confluence databases don't support
Database impact on third-party apps
Export content from Confluence Cloud
Wide tables may be cut off in PDF export
Cases where PDF Export may revert to using legacy exporter
Get to know the new and simplified content layout
How to use the new toolbar and insert elements
Import data from other tools into Confluence
FAQ import data from HTML to Confluence
FAQ import data from Notion to Confluence
Import data from HTML to Confluence
Import data from Notion into Confluence
Import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from HTML to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from Notion to Confluence
Troubleshooting import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Review macros only available in the legacy editor
Insert the cheese macro
Insert the column macro
Insert the content by user macro
Insert the create space button macro
Insert the favorite pages macro
Insert the global reports macro
Insert the info, tip, note, and warning macros
Insert the JUnit report macro
Insert the noformat macro
Insert the panel macro
Insert the recently used labels macro
Insert the search results macro
Insert the section macro
Insert the space attachments macro
Insert the space details macro
Insert the status macro
Insert the code block macro
Insert the gallery macro
Insert the Google Drive macro
Insert the lorem ipsum macro
Insert the multimedia macro
Insert the navigation map macro
Insert the network macro
Insert the PDF macro
The Confluence legacy editor
FAQ: Understanding legacy editor deprecation
Convert legacy editor pages
Differences using Confluence legacy editor and cloud editor
The legacy content macro
Collaborate on content and get notified in Confluence Cloud
Collaborate on content
Create a network of users
Add a reaction to any content
Mention a person or team
Share Confluence content
Comment on pages, live docs, whiteboards, and blog posts
Watch pages, live docs, spaces, whiteboards, and blogs
Add people to Confluence from Google, Slack, or Microsoft
What can guests see and do in Confluence?
Share content externally with public links
Get notified about content and activity
View your notifications
Subscribe to email updates
What is a Confluence RSS feed?
Build an RSS feed
Subscribe to pre-specified RSS feeds
Subscribe to a network RSS feed
Celebrate your work with Confluence Recap
View Confluence analytics to see how content is performing
View insights on your site
View insights on spaces
Content insights and analytics
Turn on privacy mode for analytics data
Manage your account and permissions in Confluence Cloud
Manage your account
Edit your profile
Edit your user settings
Change your Confluence password
Manage OAuth access tokens
Delete your account
Change your theme
Set your email visibility
Manage permissions at the content level
Change who can find content and what they can do with it
Confluence permissions structure
Troubleshoot access problems to content
What is a Confluence group?
Extend the functionality of Confluence Cloud
Use Team Calendars for Confluence (Premium feature)
Subscribe to Team Calendars from third-party calendars
Getting started with team calendars
Add events
Add Jira events
See standard event types
Add and delete custom event types
Add reminders to events
Embed calendars on Confluence content
Watch a calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Thunderbird
Subscribe to Google Calendars from Confluence
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Microsoft Outlook
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple iOS Calendar
Export to other calendars
Set system properties
Team Calendars FAQs
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar (Android)
Use Company Hub to deliver key information to employees
Create and customize a Company Hub
Manage your Company Hub
Set up a menu of important links on Company Hub
Use sections to enhance and highlight your Company Hub content
Highlight important messages with a visual spotlight
Add a rotating set of frames to your Company Hub
Use cards to add beautiful dynamic content to Company Hub
Use Confluence with other applications
Use Slack and Confluence together
Use Jira and Confluence together
Use Trello and Confluence together
Use Microsoft Teams and Confluence together
Use macros to show Confluence content on pages and live docs
What are macros?
Learn which macros are being removed
Insert the attachments macro
Insert the blog posts macro
Insert the change history macro
Insert the child items macro
Insert the filter by label macro
Insert the content report table macro
Insert the contributors macro
Insert the contributors summary macro
Insert the create from template macro
Insert the decision report macro
Insert the excerpt macro
Add excerpts to a page or live doc with the insert excerpt macro
Insert the include content macro
Insert the labels list macro
Insert the popular labels macro
Insert the profile picture macro
Insert the recent updates macro
Insert the recently updated dashboard macro
Insert the related labels macro
Insert the spaces list macro
Insert the task report macro
Insert the user profile macro
Legacy editor content in the cloud editor
Use macros to add development info on Confluence pages
Display Jira work items in a list
Insert the Jira chart macro
Insert the Jira timeline macro
Display your Assets data on a Confluence page
Use macros to include media on Confluence pages
Insert Microsoft Office macros
Insert the widget connector macro
Use macros to add navigation on Confluence pages
Insert the anchor link macro
Insert the Live Search macro
Insert the Page Index macro
Insert the content tree macro
Insert the page tree search macro
Insert the table of contents macro
Insert the table of content zone macro
Use macros to add reporting info to Confluence pages
Insert the content properties macro
Insert the content properties report macro
Insert the user list macro
Use macros to add visuals and images to Confluence pages
Insert the chart macro
Insert the iFrame macro
Insert the roadmap planner macro
Add a trio of dynamic frames to your content with Carousel
Display beautiful, dynamic content on your page or live doc with Cards
Insert the expand macro
Use gadgets to add dynamic content
Add the activity stream gadget
Use Questions for Confluence
Install Questions for Confluence
Ask a question
Watch and edit topics
What are votes and experts?
Admin settings for Questions for Confluence
Use automation for Confluence
Learn about macros on Confluence mobile
Space administration
Set space-specific functionality
Additional PDF export settings
Advanced PDF export customizations
Set a default classification level for content
Manage permissions at the space level
What are space permissions?
Copy space permissions
Assign space permissions
Make a space public with anonymous access
Assign Questions for Confluence permissions
Manage content in a space
Clean up a space with the content manager
Transfer content item ownership from one user to another
Manage page watchers
Export a space's content as Word, PDF, or data files
Remove a space
Archive a space
Delete a space
Create templates, blueprints, and reports
Create a template
Edit a template
Promote a template
Create a custom report
Manage team calendars
Delete or remove a calendar
Restrict a calendar
Manage Questions for Confluence
Get started with Questions for Confluence
Administer questions
Integrate questions with your spaces
Customize your space
Apply a theme to a space
Change the space name and logo
Edit features for a space
Confluence administration
Get started as Confluence Cloud administrator
Set Confluence-wide functionality
Control whether spaces can allow public links
Control whether spaces can turn on anonymous access
Change the landing page
Change the Confluence Home welcome message
Create a custom space overview template
Turn off page reactions
Customize layout for PDF exports in Confluence Cloud
Convert legacy editor pages in all spaces
Configure live docs in Confluence
Monitor and manage activity in Confluence Cloud
Act on insights from mission control
Download a spaces report
View the audit log
Premium admin tools for Confluence Cloud
Post Confluence-wide announcements in a banner
Inspect a user's permissions
Bypass page restrictions with admin key
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Manage global permissions
Assign space access to guests
Manage public links across Confluence Cloud
How secure are public links?
Give access to unlicensed users from Jira Service Management
Manage analytics permissions in Confluence administration
Control which groups can use analytics
Manage Confluence page and doc templates
Create a global page template
Edit a global page or doc template
Install a global blueprint
Manage global page templates, doc templates, and blueprints
Configuration settings in Confluence Cloud
Change the site title
Configure the administrator contact page
Choose a default language
Configure the indexing language
Configure time and date formats
Configure number formats
Configure attachment size
Configure shortcut links
Install a custom language font for PDF exports
Confluence wiki markup syntax for the legacy editor
Customize the email domain sending Confluence emails
Security settings in Confluence Cloud
Hide external links from search engines
Disable anonymous access to remote API
Turn on Captcha for spam prevention or failed logins
Look and feel settings in Confluence Cloud
Install a theme
Set the default theme
Customize the navigation colors
Change your site and space logos
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Import a Confluence Cloud space
Export a data backup file of your instance
Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites
Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center
Atlassian Marketplace apps
Manage your apps
Status page: Live docs + Marketplace apps
Confluence automation administration
Confluence automation
Confluence automation usage
Atlassian administration for Confluence Cloud
Actions that require an organization or site admin
Manage your storage usage
Invite guests to Confluence
Removing users and downgrading to Confluence Free
Adjust permissions before downgrading to Confluence Free
What happens when an account is deactivated vs. deleted?
Atlassian Support
Confluence
Resources
Considering Confluence Cloud?
See how teams use Confluence Cloud
Cloud
Data Center
Use Confluence for technical documentation
Confluence is a flexible platform with a range of features and add-ons that can help you capture, distribute, and update your technical documentation. Below are some tips to help you get your technical documentation space started, and to save you time and effort managing your documentation's life cycle.
Create your documentation space
To get your documentation started
Select
Spaces
in the Confluence
sidebar
, then
View all spaces
and select
Create a space
Choose
Documentation space
(it'll give you a custom overview with a search box—the
livesearch macro
—to search just your documentation space, a
recently updated macro
, and a few other goodies) and hit
Next
Give your space a name and click
Create
Confluence will automatically create the space key and create the space overview. Customize the overview at any time—what it looks like is completely up to you!
Save time by reusing content
If there's something you're going to use multiple times in your documentation space – whether it's a word, sentence, or paragraph; an image; a product version number; or anything else – you can create it once and include it on as many pages as you like (or use it in the header and/or footer). Inclusions not only save you typing the same thing many times, they also make it easier when things change – it's much better to update the info in one place than 47!
There are three macros that allow you to re-use content:
The
Excerpt macro
to define a re-usable section, or 'excerpt', on a page – add content inside this macro, and you can reuse it on as many pages as you like.
The
Excerpt Include macro
(
excerpt-include
) to include the contents of an excerpt on another page.
The
Include Page macro
(
include
) to include the entire content of a page on another page.
For example, let's say you create release notes for each major release of your product, and you want to include the intro from each release notes page on a 'what's new' page. Place each release notes intro in an
Excerpt macro
, then add an
Excerpt Include macro
for each set of release notes to the what's new page. Your intros will magically appear on the what's new page, and if you update the release notes it'll automatically update the what's new.
Excerpts:
the intros to these pages are in excerpt macros.
Excerpt include:
these are excerpt include macros.
Another example is one of the ways we use the
Include Page macro
. Whenever the ellipsis  appears in our documentation—for example, go to
>
Copy
—it's actually an
Include Page macro
. We have a page with just that image on it, so we can include it whenever we need an ellipsis.
Why do we do use an
Include Page macro
for one tiny image? Well, just in case that UI element is ever changed. If we attach the image to every page, there might be 50 pages we need to update when things change; if we use an
Include Page macro
, we update once and it's changed everywhere. Doing it this way also allows us to know how many pages we're using the image on. By going to
>
Page Information
, we can see how many incoming links there are to this page, and that tells us how many pages use the image.
Create an inclusions library (optional)
You can include content from any Confluence page, but you may want to create an 'inclusions library' to hold content that's specifically for re-use. The inclusions library isn't a specific feature of Confluence; the pages in the inclusions library are just like any other Confluence page. This is just a
technique
you can use if you want a place to store content that's specifically for re-use.
To create your inclusions library:
Select
Create
and create a new page in your space.
Enter a suitable title. We use '_ConfluenceInclusions' (the underscore before the title helps to let people know this page is special).
Enter some content, and
Publish
the page. We enter text explaining the purpose of the inclusions library and how to re-use the content.
Next to your space's name in the sidebar, select
More actions
(•••), then
Space settings
.
Open the
Content
menu
and select
Reorder
.
Select the angled bracket
>
to expand the page tree.
Drag your new page
above
the space overview.
Go to your new inclusions page, and choose
Create
to add child pages containing your re-usable content.
Inclusions library location:
drag your inclusions library above the rest of your documentation.
Because you've moved the pages to the "root" of the space, they won't appear in the
Pages
section of your space. The pages will be picked up by other searches though, as they're normal Confluence pages.
Use page templates
Creating one or more page templates can be a real time-saver if you're creating a lot of pages with the same layout. If you're constantly adding the same macros, like panels and table of contents, save yourself from RSI and put them into a template – you can start with one, but make as many as you need to maximize your efficiency.
To create a page template that's available in all spaces:
Select the wheel icon (
) in the top-right corner to open Confluence administration.
Find
Settings
>
Configuration
in the left-hand navigation.
Select
Global templates and blueprints
.
Choose the
Add global page template
button at the top-right.
Create your template page and choose
Save.
For detailed info on page templates, see
Blueprints and User Created Templates
.
To get to
Global templates and blueprints
, or any other admin page quickly, press
/
and start typing the name of the admin page you're looking for.
Draft your work
When you're creating a new page in your documentation, you'll likely want to do it over time, saving as you go, and have a select few people review it to provide feedback. A loose description of this workflow is 'draft, review, publish'.
You don't want any half-finished pages being seen by your users, and most documentation needs to be reviewed before it's finalized, so here's a technique for drafting pages and allowing for review:
Create a page and
restrict its permissions
. For example, you might restrict viewing to a group of people such as your team, or a few select individuals. On a public instance, you might restrict viewing to staff members, so that the general public can't see the page.
Write your page content.
Share the page
with your reviewers and ask them for feedback. (Make sure you haven't restricted them from seeing the page!) The reviewers can
add comments
to the bottom of the page or highlight text to add a comment inline. If you give them permission, they can also edit the page content directly.
Publish the page when ready, by doing the following:
Delete any comments on the page.
Remove page restrictions so that your audience can see it.
You've now published your page. The space permissions and global permissions now determine who can see and/or update the page.
Use links and anchors
Add links
In any documentation space, it's essential to be able to link from one page to another, and often to specific sections on a page. You can add any URL to a Confluence page and Confluence will automatically detect it and turn it into a link.
If you paste the URL for another page in your Confluence instance, Confluence will display the link text as the page name and turn it into a relative link, meaning if the name of the page changes, Confluence will adjust the link so it doesn't break.
Add and link to anchors
Each heading in Confluence can be used as an anchor to link to a specific place on the page.
Useful macros
Confluence ships with a great range of
macros
, and there are a few that are particularly useful in technical documentation. Here's a few:
Table of contents macro
The
Table of Contents macro
helps people navigate lengthy pages by summarizing the content structure and providing links to headings used on the page. The best part is, you don't need to do anything except add the macro; once you've added it, it'll automatically detect headings and add them to the table of contents.
Info panels
Often when creating documentation, there are elements of a page that you want to highlight or draw the the viewers' attention to. Use the
panel element
to create info, warning, success, and other custom info panels.
Keep track of page updates
In Confluence, it's quite usual for a number of different people to update a single page. Technical writers need to know what happens to our documents, both during review and after publication.
Watch pages or the space
So that you know when changes are made, it's a good idea to
watch
pages or even the entire space. That way, when changes are made to pages you're watching, or someone comments on them, you'll get an email notification letting you know who changed what.
Whenever you're on a page in your documentation space, choose the
Watch
button at the top-right of the page. From there, you can choose to watch just that page, or all pages in the space.
View page history
Confluence creates a new version of the page every time someone edits the page. The page history shows all the versions, with date, author, and any comments made on the update.
To view page history, go to the page and choose  >
Page History
.
On the page history view, you can:
View the content of a specific version of the page
Revert to (restore) a specific version
Select any two versions to compare to see what's changed between those two versions
Show a list of contributors
If you want to see at a glance who's updated a page or pages, you can add the
contributors macro
. This macro displays a customizable list of people who've contributed by creating, editing, or, optionally, commenting on the page.
Customize PDF export
If you're planning to provide a PDF version of your documentation—whether it be for email, download, print, or any other form of delivery—you can customize the look of the PDF by adding a title page, header, and footer.
The process you take depends on whether you're trying to customize the PDF export for one space or for your whole instance, so, if you're keen to make these changes, take a look at our page on
Customize Exports to PDF
for more detailed instructions.
Other useful tools and apps
You can use apps to extend Confluence depending on your documentation and workflow needs. Here are some useful add-ons available on the Atlassian Marketplace—most of which we use ourselves—which can extend the functionality of Confluence.
Copy Space (supported)
The
Copy Space for Confluence
app does what its name suggests; it allows a space administrator to copy a space, including the pages within the space. Great for when you want a space template that you can copy to create other spaces.
This app is also useful when you need to archive a copy of a current space at a particular point in time, like when you're moving from one version of your product to the next – copy the space, give it a new name, and keep it wherever you like, all without losing the existing space.
The Copy Space app doesn't not currently copy page history, blog posts and email.
Gliffy (supported)
Create diagrams, wireframes, flowcharts and more with
Gliffy
. Gliffy features a highly intuitive drag-and-drop interface, and allows you to export your diagrams in multiple formats, including: JPEG, PNG and SVG. Add Gliffy flowcharts, UI wireframes, and network diagrams directly to your Confluence pages to communicate your ideas visually, making them easy to understand and faster to spread through your team.
Lucidchart (supported)
Lucidchart Diagrams Connector
allows you to create and insert diagrams within your Confluence Cloud instance. Quickly draw flowcharts, wireframes, UML diagrams, mind maps, and more inside our feature-rich editor.
Like what you see? Try Confluence for your technical documentation.
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
It wasn't accurate
It wasn't clear
It wasn't relevant
Provide feedback about this article
Still need help?
The Atlassian Community is here for you.
Ask the Community
See how teams use Confluence Cloud
Use Confluence for technical documentation
Use Confluence for software teams
On this page
Create your documentation space
Save time by reusing content
Create an inclusions library (optional)
Use page templates
Draft your work
Use links and anchors
Add links
Add and link to anchors
Useful macros
Table of contents macro
Info panels
Keep track of page updates
Watch pages or the space
View page history
Show a list of contributors
Customize PDF export
Other useful tools and apps
Copy Space (supported)
Gliffy (supported)
Lucidchart (supported)
Community
Questions, discussions, and articles
Accessibility
Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security
2025
Atlassian