URL: https://support.atlassian.com/confluence-cloud/docs/how-secure-are-public-links/

How secure are public links? | Confluence Cloud | Atlassian Support
Skip to main content
Confluence Support
Products
Documentation
Resources
Contact us
Sign in
Sign in
Confluence Cloud
Documentation
Considering Confluence Cloud?
Confluence Cloud functionality and features
What is Confluence Cloud?
Learn about the features of Confluence Cloud plans
Confluence Standard
See how teams use Confluence Cloud
Use Confluence for technical documentation
Use Confluence for software teams
Create and organize work in Confluence Cloud
Navigate around Confluence
What is the new navigation in Confluence?
Use For you to jump into work and see what's happening
Confluence navigation
View written content
Use spaces to organize your work
What is a space?
Create a space
Customize your personal space
Navigate spaces
Organize your space
Find content in a space
Customize your space's overview
Use labels to categorize spaces
Delete or disable a template
Find content in Confluence Cloud
Search for content
Search for people and teams
Confluence search syntax
Discover relevant content with related content
Use Atlassian Intelligence to search for answers
Create and edit content
Draft, publish, and update a page
Create and collaborate in real time with live docs
Format a page, live doc, or blog post with a template
Format your content
Format text
Create and manage layouts
Use symbols, emojis, and special characters
Keyboard shortcuts and autocomplete
Available markdown commands
Simplify data with tables
Charts and connected data
Work with images, videos, and files
Use Atlassian Intelligence to help write or edit content
Bring all your work into Confluence
Insert links and anchors
Get started with Smart Links in the content tree
What data is sent and received when pasting a Smart Link?
Insert and manage links on your pages and live docs
Add elements to a page or live doc
Transfer ownership of your content item
Add a status to your content
Make your content and its title more memorable
Import external documents
Classify content
How redaction works
Learn about the Atlassian cloud editor
Convert pages to the cloud editor
Keep content organized
Take quick action from the content title
Use labels to organize content and attachments
Move, copy, and hide content items
Archive content items
Restore archived items to the content tree
Delete, restore, or purge a content item
Save a page, live doc, or other content item for later
Use folders to organize your work
Upload and manage files
Upload a file
Display files and images
Manage uploaded files
Share and comment on files
Present your content with Presenter mode
Atlassian Intelligence features in Confluence Cloud
Search for answers using Atlassian Intelligence
Write or edit content using Atlassian Intelligence
Define terms using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Atlassian Intelligence with Confluence automation
Learn about pre-defined prompts in Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a page, live doc, or blog using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize comments using Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize changes with Atlassian Intelligence
Summarize a whiteboard using Atlassian Intelligence
Use Rovo to listen to audio briefings of Confluence content
Use Loom in Confluence Cloud
Create and edit whiteboards
Getting started with Confluence whiteboards
Create a new whiteboard
Navigation tools in whiteboards
Organize and explore ideas with sticky notes
Use shapes to visualize ideas
Add and edit text on whiteboards
Build flows and diagrams with flows and connectors
Inserting links to your whiteboard
Use sections to organize your work
Add and edit images on whiteboards
Add the feels with stamps and stickers
Use a template to get started fast
Keep on track with the timer
Hide collaborator cursors
Integrate whiteboards into your Atlassian workflow
Link Jira issues from your whiteboard
Take bulk Jira actions with smart sections
Set your whiteboard preferences
Import Figjam boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Miro boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Mural boards in Confluence whiteboards
Import Jamboard whiteboards in Confluence whiteboards
Export your whiteboard
Collaboration limits on whiteboards
What Confluence whiteboards don't support
Whiteboards impact on third-party apps
Understand Confluence whiteboards plans and features
Browser support and settings for whiteboards
Atlassian Intelligence in Confluence whiteboards
Draw freeform lines with pen
Private mode in whiteboards
Voting in whiteboards
Whiteboard version history
Create and edit databases
Get started with Confluence databases
Database tour
Create a database
Database fields
Share databases, entries, or values
Database views
Layouts and options
Filter your data
Sort fields
Hide fields in your database
Import data into your database
Export your database data
Duplicate a database setup
Lock your database structure
What Confluence databases don't support
Database impact on third-party apps
Database version history
Perform simple calculations on your data
Export content from Confluence Cloud
Wide tables may be cut off in PDF export
Cases where PDF Export may revert to using legacy exporter
Get to know the new and simplified content layout
How to use the new toolbar and insert elements
Import data from other tools into Confluence
FAQ import data from HTML to Confluence
FAQ import data from Notion to Confluence
Import data from HTML to Confluence
Import data from Notion into Confluence
Import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from HTML to Confluence
Troubleshooting import data from Notion to Confluence
Troubleshooting import multiple Miro boards to Confluence
Review macros only available in the legacy editor
Insert the cheese macro
Insert the column macro
Insert the content by user macro
Insert the create space button macro
Insert the favorite pages macro
Insert the global reports macro
Insert the info, tip, note, and warning macros
Insert the JUnit report macro
Insert the noformat macro
Insert the panel macro
Insert the recently used labels macro
Insert the search results macro
Insert the section macro
Insert the space attachments macro
Insert the space details macro
Insert the status macro
Insert the code block macro
Insert the gallery macro
Insert the Google Drive macro
Insert the lorem ipsum macro
Insert the multimedia macro
Insert the navigation map macro
Insert the network macro
Insert the PDF macro
The Confluence legacy editor
FAQ: Understanding legacy editor deprecation
Convert legacy editor pages
Differences using Confluence legacy editor and cloud editor
The legacy content macro
Collaborate on content and get notified in Confluence Cloud
Collaborate on content
Create a network of users
Add a reaction to any content
Mention a person or team
Share Confluence content
Comment on pages, live docs, whiteboards, and blog posts
Watch pages, live docs, spaces, whiteboards, and blogs
Add people to Confluence from Google, Slack, or Microsoft
What can guests see and do in Confluence?
Share content externally with public links
Get notified about content and activity
View your notifications
Subscribe to email updates
What is a Confluence RSS feed?
Build an RSS feed
Subscribe to pre-specified RSS feeds
Subscribe to a network RSS feed
Celebrate your work with Confluence Recap
View Confluence analytics to see how content is performing
View insights on your site
View insights on spaces
Content insights and analytics
Turn on privacy mode for analytics data
Manage your account and permissions in Confluence Cloud
Manage your account
Edit your profile
Edit your user settings
Change your Confluence password
Manage OAuth access tokens
Delete your account
Change your theme
Set your email visibility
Manage permissions at the content level
Change who can find content and what they can do with it
Confluence permissions structure
Troubleshoot access problems to content
What is a Confluence group?
Extend the functionality of Confluence Cloud
Use Team Calendars for Confluence (Premium feature)
Subscribe to Team Calendars from third-party calendars
Getting started with team calendars
Add events
Add Jira events
See standard event types
Add and delete custom event types
Add reminders to events
Embed calendars on Confluence content
Watch a calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Thunderbird
Subscribe to Google Calendars from Confluence
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Microsoft Outlook
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Apple iOS Calendar
Export to other calendars
Set system properties
Team Calendars FAQs
Subscribe to Team Calendars from Google Calendar (Android)
Use Company Hub to deliver key information to employees
Create and customize a Company Hub
Manage your Company Hub
Set up a menu of important links on Company Hub
Use sections to enhance and highlight your Company Hub content
Highlight important messages with a visual spotlight
Add a rotating set of frames to your Company Hub
Use cards to add beautiful dynamic content to Company Hub
Curate search results in Company Hub
Use Confluence with other applications
Use Slack and Confluence together
Use Jira and Confluence together
Use Trello and Confluence together
Use Microsoft Teams and Confluence together
Use macros to show Confluence content on pages and live docs
What are macros?
Learn which macros are being removed
Insert the attachments macro
Insert the blog posts macro
Insert the change history macro
Insert the child items macro
Insert the filter by label macro
Insert the content report table macro
Insert the contributors macro
Insert the contributors summary macro
Insert the create from template macro
Insert the decision report macro
Insert the excerpt macro
Add excerpts to a page or live doc with the insert excerpt macro
Insert the include content macro
Insert the labels list macro
Insert the popular labels macro
Insert the profile picture macro
Insert the recent updates macro
Insert the recently updated dashboard macro
Insert the related labels macro
Insert the spaces list macro
Insert the task report macro
Insert the user profile macro
Legacy editor content in the cloud editor
Use macros to add development info on Confluence pages
Display Jira work items in a list
Insert the Jira chart macro
Insert the Jira timeline macro
Display your Assets data on a Confluence page
Use macros to include media on Confluence pages
Insert Microsoft Office macros
Insert the widget connector macro
Use macros to add navigation on Confluence pages
Insert the anchor link macro
Insert the Live Search macro
Insert the Page Index macro
Insert the content tree macro
Insert the page tree search macro
Insert the table of contents macro
Insert the table of content zone macro
Use macros to add reporting info to Confluence pages
Insert the content properties macro
Insert the content properties report macro
Insert the user list macro
Use macros to add visuals and images to Confluence pages
Insert the chart macro
Insert the iFrame macro
Insert the roadmap planner macro
Add a trio of dynamic frames to your content with Carousel
Display beautiful, dynamic content on your page or live doc with Cards
Insert the expand macro
Use gadgets to add dynamic content
Add the activity stream gadget
Use Questions for Confluence
Install Questions for Confluence
Ask a question
Watch and edit topics
What are votes and experts?
Admin settings for Questions for Confluence
Use automation for Confluence
Learn about macros on Confluence mobile
Space administration
Set space-specific functionality
Additional PDF export settings
Advanced PDF export customizations
Set a default classification level for content
Manage permissions at the space level
What are space permissions?
Copy space permissions
Assign space permissions
Make a space public with anonymous access
Assign Questions for Confluence permissions
Manage content in a space
Clean up a space with the content manager
Transfer content item ownership from one user to another
Manage page watchers
Export a space's content as Word, PDF, or data files
Remove a space
Archive a space
Delete a space
Create templates, blueprints, and reports
Create a template
Edit a template
Promote a template
Create a custom report
Manage team calendars
Delete or remove a calendar
Restrict a calendar
Manage Questions for Confluence
Get started with Questions for Confluence
Administer questions
Integrate questions with your spaces
Customize your space
Apply a theme to a space
Change the space name and logo
Edit features for a space
Confluence administration
Get started as Confluence Cloud administrator
Set Confluence-wide functionality
Control whether spaces can allow public links
Control whether spaces can turn on anonymous access
Change the landing page
Change the Confluence Home welcome message
Create a custom space overview template
Turn off page reactions
Customize layout for PDF exports in Confluence Cloud
Convert legacy editor pages in all spaces
Configure live docs in Confluence
Monitor and manage activity in Confluence Cloud
Act on insights from mission control
Download a spaces report
View the audit log
Premium admin tools for Confluence Cloud
Post Confluence-wide announcements in a banner
Inspect a user's permissions
Bypass page restrictions with admin key
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Manage global permissions
Assign space access to guests
Manage public links across Confluence Cloud
How secure are public links?
Give access to unlicensed users from Jira Service Management
Manage analytics permissions in Confluence administration
Control which groups can use analytics
Manage Confluence content templates
Create a global content template
Edit a global content template
Install a global blueprint
Manage global content templates and blueprints
Configuration settings in Confluence Cloud
Change the site title
Configure the administrator contact page
Choose a default language
Configure the indexing language
Configure time and date formats
Configure number formats
Configure attachment size
Configure shortcut links
Install a custom language font for PDF exports
Confluence wiki markup syntax for the legacy editor
Customize the email domain sending Confluence emails
Security settings in Confluence Cloud
Hide external links from search engines
Disable anonymous access to remote API
Turn on Captcha for spam prevention or failed logins
Look and feel settings in Confluence Cloud
Install a theme
Set the default theme
Customize the navigation colors
Change your site and space logos
Data management in Confluence Cloud
Import a Confluence Cloud space
Export a data backup file of your instance
Migrate a Confluence Cloud instance or merge instances from multiple sites
Migrate from Confluence Cloud to Data Center
Atlassian Marketplace apps
Manage your apps
Status page: Live docs + Marketplace apps
Confluence automation administration
Confluence automation
Confluence automation usage
Atlassian administration for Confluence Cloud
Actions that require an organization or site admin
Manage your storage usage
Invite guests to Confluence
Removing users and downgrading to Confluence Free
Adjust permissions before downgrading to Confluence Free
What happens when an account is deactivated vs. deleted?
Atlassian Support
Confluence
Resources
Confluence administration
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Cloud
Data Center
How secure are public links?
Public links allow teams to share pages, live docs, and whiteboards with people outside of their Confluence organization, without giving them full access. This could be useful for sharing information to the public, like customer FAQs, release notes, shareholder letters, and more.
On this page, you’ll learn how public links work and, in particular, how secure they are.
If you’re an admin looking for guidance on how to get started with public links, go to
Control whether spaces can allow public links
.
If you’re looking for help on how to actually share individual content, go to
Share content externally with public links
.
Public links are only available on Confluence’s paid plans (Standard, Premium, and Enterprise). Only Confluence pages, live docs, and whiteboards can have public links, not any other type of Confluence content (e.g., blogs, databases, etc.).
Who can access a public link
Anyone on the internet with the public link can view its content.
Public links override all restrictions
Public links ignore restrictions on who can view content in Confluence.
Normally, Confluence content obeys view restrictions inherited all of its higher-level containers — any parent content, the space, and the site itself. However,
the public link will just work
. Anyone on the internet who has the content item’s public link can use it to view the safe, view-only version of it.
Again, this means restricting a parent item won’t have any effect on who can view the public link of a child item.
Public whiteboards can be edited by visitors, not only viewed, and likewise ignore any restrictions to who can view or edit the content in Confluence.
Can someone Google a public link?
Atlassian has taken all necessary steps within its capability to make sure search engines do not index our public links.
This means that public links are not indexed by search engines, which means no one will be able to find the public link in a Google search. They need the actual public link.
Content will only ever have one public link
If you turn a public link off, anyone using it to try to access the content will get a message saying the content can’t be found. But if you later turn the public link back on, people who already have the public link will again be able to access the content because it’s the same link as before.
Who can turn on a public link?
Public links are controlled at 3 levels:
In
Global permissions,
app
admins can control whether the site should allow the use of public links. Allowing public links on the site doesn’t itself make anything public. It simply offers users on the site the option of turning on a public link for any content.
In
Space permissions
, app and space admins can control whether a specific space should allow the use of public links. Public links must be allowed on the site first. Like the global setting, allowing public links in a space doesn’t itself make anything public. It simply offers users in the space the option of turning on public links.
On
specific content items,
users can turn on or off a public link as long as they can edit the content and as long as public links are allowed by an admin. A user who can view a content item but not edit can still copy a public link that’s already on and share it with anyone on the internet.
View and manage public links at the global level
In the
Public links
tab of
Global permissions
, app admins will find a list of all the spaces on their site, see whether a space allows or doesn’t allow public links, and make changes.
App admins on the Premium plan can block space admins from allowing public links in spaces, block them preemptively while the global public links toggle is off, and multi-select to stop allowing, allow, or block from allowing in bulk.
To learn more about managing public links as an app admin, go to
Control whether spaces can allow public links
.
View and manage public links at the space level
In the
Public links
tab of
Space permissions
, space admins will find a list of all the active public links in their space. They can turn off or block any active public link. On the Premium plan, they can multi-select to turn off or block in bulk.
App admins on the Premium plan can block space admins from allowing public links in spaces, block them preemptively while the global public links toggle is off, and do so in bulk.
To learn more about managing public links as an app admin, go to
Control whether spaces can allow public links
.
Control for organization admins to use security policies to control public links is now available.
Learn about data security policies
and
how to prevent people from using public links on Confluence
.
Get notified for key public links sharing activity
Alongside robust management functionality, Confluence will notify you of key public links activity to keep you on top of which content is shared publicly.
How app admins stay notified
As an app admin, you’ll be notified whenever someone allows public links for the entire site (changes the global toggle). App admins can also choose to be notified whenever anyone turns on a public link anywhere on your site.
To stop receiving public links notifications as an app admin:
Select your profile avatar in the top right of the top nav.
Select
Settings.
Select
Email
in the sidenav.
Select
Edit
.
Uncheck
Notify me when someone allows the use of public links on this site,
and/or uncheck
Notify me when someone turns on a public link.
How space admins stay notified
As a space admin, you’ll be notified whenever someone allows public links in your space (changes the space toggle) and whenever anyone turns on a public link in your space.
To stop receiving public links notifications as a space admin:
Select your profile avatar in the top right of the top nav.
Select
Settings.
Select
Email
in the sidenav.
Select
Edit
.
Uncheck
Notify me when someone allows the use of public links in my spaces,
and/or uncheck
Notify me when someone turns on a public link in my space.
What are the app defaults for the public links feature?
Confluence allows public links by default but no public links will actually be on by default. People will have to manually turn them on, where allowed.
Type of control
Allowed/On by default?
Site-level control in global permissions
Allowed
Space-level control
Allowed
Content-level control
Off
Defaults may differ depending on date of site creation
If your site was created
before
October 16, 2023, the global public links toggle will be off until you choose to turn it on.
If your site was created
on or after
October 16, 2023 — including sites migrating to Confluence Cloud — the global public links toggle will be on. Because all spaces will allow public links by default, this also means all spaces on your site will be allowing public links from the time you created the site. You’ll have to turn the global toggle off to stop allowing public links on your site.
Any time an app admin allows public links on their site by turning the global toggle from an off to an on position, all spaces will automatically and immediately move to an “allowed” status, regardless of any prior setting. No status will be remembered from before.
To be clear, this means users in any space that shouldn’t ultimately allow public links will be able to turn a public link on until an admin manually stops allowing public links in that space.
Upgrading from Free to paid plans will trigger these defaults
Public links aren’t available on the Free plan. Upgrading makes them available and will trigger these defaults. This means that, although no public links will be on immediately, people on your site will be free to use public links in all spaces on your site the moment you upgrade.
What protections are in place to avoid accidental sharing?
We know it’s critical to have complete control and awareness over any public sharing functionality. Confluence equips both admins and end users with plenty of protection navigating this feature.
Control public links on a space-by-space basis
Some spaces shouldn’t allow public links. Admins can simply toggle off the ability for users in a specific space to use public links.
App and organization admins can control whether public links should be allowed or not allowed in any new spaces created. By default, public links will be allowed in all new spaces created.
To change whether new spaces created should allow public links:
Select the gear icon in the top right to go to app settings.
Select
Space permissions.
In the
Public links
section, select the toggle that controls whether new spaces should allow public links.
Confirmation messages prevent mistakes
Whenever an admin wants to allow public links on the site or in a space, they’ll be informed exactly what the effect of their action is — that it will allow users to turn on public links.
Likewise, whenever an end user tries to turn on a public link, they’ll be informed exactly what the effect of
their
action is:
It will make the public link active and available to be copied and shared by anyone who can view the content.
Anyone on the internet who already has the content item’s public link will be able to view the public version of it, even if no one re-shares the public link with them.
UI indicators show when content is public
Confluence employs a number of indicators in the UI to mark content that’s currently being shared publicly. This helps you and your team understand which content is public at key points in your workflow, such as when editing public content, and prevent sharing the wrong information with the wrong people.
The public link toggle on content items will appear grayed out, turned off, and disabled in any situation where the item’s public link isn’t allowed. This could be when:
The public link is specifically blocked by an admin.
Public links aren’t allowed in the space.
Public links aren’t allowed on the site.
Public links are recorded in the audit log
All public links actions (with the exception of copying and sharing public links) are captured in the
audit log
. Whenever someone turns a public link on or off, a space admin allows public links in their space, or app admin allows public links for the site, it will be recorded.
Public link visitors can request access to your site
If your site allows people with certain email domains to join or request access to your site, they will be able to do so from any public link. Learn more about how to
control how users get access to Confluence
.
What can public link visitors see and do?
Public links offer a way to share individual content items safely with anyone on the internet. This means that visitors to public links are limited in what they can see and do.
On public pages and live docs
Public pages and live docs are designed to be view-only. Visitors to public content can’t:
Edit the content
Leave comments
View comments
View the Confluence navigation
View the content tree and breadcrumbs
View most macros, including those that contain data outside of the shared content, and all third party macros
Public visitors can only view the following macros:
Status
Table of Contents
Info, Tip, Note, and Warning
Code Block
Expand
Excerpt
Roadmap Planner
Anchor macro
All other macros
are not viewable in the view-only version of the content.
On public whiteboards
Public whiteboards are designed to be editable, to allow anonymous visitors limited functionality. Visitors to public whiteboards can:
Add, edit, and delete whiteboard content (stickies, shapes, text, arrows,, etc.)
Add links
View locked content on the whiteboard but can’t lock or unlock
View voting results but can’t start or participate in a voting session
They can’t:
View links to Atlassian content they don’t have access to
View comments
Create comments
Copy the whiteboard
Delete the whiteboard
Change the name of the whiteboard
Upload media
Was this helpful?
Yes
No
It wasn't accurate
It wasn't clear
It wasn't relevant
Provide feedback about this article
Still need help?
The Atlassian Community is here for you.
Ask the Community
Manage global permissions in Confluence administration
Manage global permissions
Assign space access to guests
Manage public links across Confluence Cloud
How secure are public links?
Give access to unlicensed users from Jira Service Management
On this page
Who can access a public link
Public links override all restrictions
Can someone Google a public link?
Content will only ever have one public link
Who can turn on a public link?
View and manage public links at the global level
View and manage public links at the space level
Get notified for key public links sharing activity
How app admins stay notified
How space admins stay notified
What are the app defaults for the public links feature?
Upgrading from Free to paid plans will trigger these defaults
What protections are in place to avoid accidental sharing?
Control public links on a space-by-space basis
Confirmation messages prevent mistakes
UI indicators show when content is public
Public links are recorded in the audit log
Public link visitors can request access to your site
What can public link visitors see and do?
On public pages and live docs
On public whiteboards
Community
Questions, discussions, and articles
Accessibility
Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security
2025
Atlassian